# Section 1.2 FreeBSD Brief History

UNIX-Network Release 1-

386 BSD - > Litigation (1991-1994) - > 4.4 BSD - Lite - > FreeBSD 2.0


[Page source: <https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-src/blob/main/share/misc/bsd-family-tree>, with deletions] (. .gitbook/assets/bsd-family-tree.png)


FreeBSD Timeline

- 1962 Timesharing OS

In the early 1960s, the timed operating system was born, with the first of its kind on the Atlas brand computer (Atlas Monitor) designed by the Manchester Project in England. In that era, time-sharing systems meant that two people shared the same computer and that an hour schedule was usually required to plan their time using the computer.

1964 MULTICS (Multi-Mission Information and Computing System)

Multics' original planning and development began in 1964 in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Initially, Multics was a project led by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MAC project led by Fernando Corbató) in collaboration with General Electric and the Bell Laboratory. Developed on a General Electrical 645 computer designed for operating systems; the first complete system was delivered to MIT in January 1967.

1969 UNIX (UNIX operating system)

Dennis Ritchie and Ken Thompson have identified the potential of Multics before Bell Lab exits the Multics project. They obtained funding from the legal department of the Bell Laboratory to purchase a stronger PDP-11/20 machine. In 1969 Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie and others began developing a new program to make full use of the more powerful computer. This program is known as UNics (Uniplified Information and Marketing Service, non-reusable information and computer services).

1972 UNIX code migrated to C language

Dennis Ritchie decided to develop an advanced compilation language for UNIX, which could be translated into two to three instructions. This prompted him to develop the C programming language. Release 4 UNIX (Research UNIX) rewrites in C language. This enables UNIX to have portability, thereby rewriting the history of the operating system.

1974 UNIX was introduced to UC Berkeley.

In 1974, Professor Bob Fabry of the University of California at Berkeley obtained a source permit for UNIX from AT&T. Bob Fabry had previously met UNIX 4 at the 1973 ACM Workshop on the Principles of Operating Systems (ASCOM) and intended to introduce it to the University of Berkeley. The Computer Systems Research Group (CSRG) began to modify and improve AT&T Research Unix. They called this revised version "BSD Unix"/ "BSD".

- 9 March 1978 1 BSD release

The Berkeley software release (1BSD), created on the basis of UNIX, is an additional component of the sixth edition of UNIX, not an independent and complete operating system. This version has been published in approximately 30 copies.

- 2 BSD release May 10, 1979

The second Berkeley software release (2BSD) was published in May 1979. Software updates related to 1BSD and two new programs developed by Bill Joy that are still in use on the Unix system: vi text editor (ex visualized version) and csh. 2BSD is the last BSD version of Bill Joy involved in PDP-11. About 75 copies were issued.

- June 1980 DARPA Sponsorship

At the beginning of 1980, DARPA (Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, United States Defense Advanced Research and Planning Agency) was looking for an operating system that would facilitate military projects. A paper by Bill Joy on the functionality of UNIX systems (especially BSD) drew their attention. They started sponsoring Berkeley in June 1980.

- August 1983 4.2 BSD release

4.2 BSD was officially published in August 1983. Notably, this was the first version (1982), after Bill Joy left (Berkeley) and created Sun Microsystems with others. It also marks the first appearance of the BSD mascot: it appears on the cover of John Lasseter's painting, the USENIX paper manual. More than 1,000 copies have been released this time, which means a lot of computers are in use.

June 4.3 BSD-Tahoe

As developers phased out the old VAX platform, 4.3 BSD-Tahoe released a version of the Power 6/32 platform (TAHOE). The release was of considerable value because it removed the machine-related code from the BSD and the non-machine code, thereby increasing the portability of the follow-up system.

1991 386 BSD and Net/2

Keith Bostic has initiated a project aimed at re-energizing most standard Unix software without using AT&T codes. The release of Networking Release 2 (Net/2) — an operating system that is almost entirely free of distribution. Based on Net/2, two versions of the BSD were transplanted for the Intel 80386 architecture: the free 386BSD developed by William Jolitz and the exclusive BSD/386 developed by Berkeley Software Design (BSDI). 386BSD itself is a flower, but it forms the basis of the original code of the NetBSD and FreeBSD projects that began shortly thereafter.

1992 USL Proceedings

BSDi was quickly caught in a legal dispute with the subsidiary of the AT&T Unix Systems Laboratories (USL, Unix System Laboratory), when USL was the owner of the System V copyright and Unix trademarks. USL proceedings against BSDi were instituted in 1992 and led to a distribution ban on Net/2. The suit was settled in January 1994. In 18,000 BSD files, only three files have to be deleted; 70 files have been modified to display USL copyright statements. This settlement paved the way for the release of the first-named FreeBSD RELEASE.

- The creation of FreeBSD in June 1993

The development of 386 BSD has been slow. After some time on hold, in order to keep the operating system up to date, a group of 386 BSD users decided to become self-reliant and created FreeBSD. On 19 June 1993, the project selected the name “FreeBSD”. The first FreeBSD RELEASE was published in November 1993.

- August 1994 FreeBSD Ports

FreeBSD Ports and software packages provide users and administrators with a simple way to install applications. Ports now provides up to 34,000 portes. They appeared for the first time in 1994, when Jordan Hubbard submitted “port make Macros” to the FreeBSD's CVS repository for the purpose of patching his software package with a “Makefile”.

- IPFW 22 November 1994

ipfirewall was introduced in FreeBSD 2.0-RELEASE, and this "first Match" firewall has since become an important part of the operating system. ipfw was used extensively as the built-in firewall for Mac OS X.

May 1998 Soft Updates

In May 1998, FreeBSD introduced a soft update of the dependency tracking system. The soft update is designed to preserve the integrity of the metadata of the document system in case of collapse and power outages by means of a dependencies between tracking and implementing updates.

- 17 October 1999 First BSD General Assembly

The first FreeBSD Congress was held in Berkeley, California. More than 300 developers and users from around the world participated in the event, marking an important milestone in the popularity and impact of FreeBSD.

- 14 March 2000 FreeBSD Jail

FreeBSD Jail was introduced to FreeBSD 4.0 in early 2000. The Jail mechanism is a virtualization at the operating system level that allows the system administrator to divide a FreeBSD system into separate, small systems (“Jail”). This allows system administrators to better protect and optimize their FreeBSD systems.

- March 15, 2000, FreeBSD Foundation

FreeBSD Foundation is a non-profit organization based in the United States and registered as 501(c)(3) institution dedicated to supporting FreeBSD projects, their development and community. Funding comes from contributions from individuals and businesses to sponsor developers for specific activities, to purchase hardware and network infrastructure, and to provide a travel allowance for the Developers Summit. The Foundation was founded by Justin Gibbs on March 15, 2000.

July 27, 2000

kqueue(2) is replacing select/poll The innovative solution was introduced on July 27, 2000 with FreeBSD 4.1-RELEASE. This extended event notification interface inspires Linux's Epoll() mechanism.

October 17, 2000 First core team election

Although a self-selected core team existed previously, the first core team election took place in September 2000. A team of nine members was appointed at that time and elections have since been held every two years.

September 2001 EuroBDCon

EuroBDCon 2001 was held in Brighton, United Kingdom, in late 2001. As the global community expands, EuroBSDCon aims to bring together users and developers working on BSD operating system families and related projects.


- 9 January 2004 AMD64 Disk Mirror

5.2-RELEASE formally supported amd64 after the experimental support of version 5.1. Amd64 became the first 64-bit level-I platform.

- March 12, 2004 First AsiaBDCon and BSDCan

Following the success of EuroBDCon, the first AsiaBDCon was launched on 12 March 2004, followed by BSDCan - 13 May. As the FreeBSD community grows, so does the global demand for BSD-focused meetings.

- May 1st, 2004. Summer of Google Programming.

The FreeBSD Foundation participated in the first summer of Google programming. The summer of Google Programming provides an opportunity for new developers to participate in the current open source programming project. At the end of the project, many students involved in the project became contributors to FreeBSD.

- 3 November 2004

In 2006, Packet Filter (PF), originally designed for OpenBSD, was transplanted to FreeBSD and distributed with 5.3-RELEASE.

November 17th, 2004.

Libarchive, originally developed for FreeBSD 5.3, was released in late 2004. It is a library in C language that provides streaming access to a variety of archival formats.

- August 2005 First Executive Director

Deb Goodkin joined the Foundation in 2005 and became the first Executive Director. She had more than 20 years of working experience in the marketing, marketing and development of data storage equipment.

October 8, 2005

A Logo design competition was held, which was won by Anton K. Gural (currently in use).


- 2007 JEMALLOC

Jason Evans developed jemalloc in 2005, a memory distributor. At the same time, FreeBSD requires an extended multiprocessor memory dispenser, so Evans integrates jemalloc into the libc of FreeBSD, which improves its scalability and fragmentation.


March 2008 ZFS

In 2005, Sun Microsystems developed a new documentation system, the end product of which was ZFS. ZFS is a system that integrates the file system and the logical volume manager. The system is scalable and provides extensive data integrity protection and efficient data compression. ZFS entered FreeBSD in early 2008.

- 6 January 2009

Sun Microsystems developed DTrace, DTrace, which can be used to debug kernel and application issues in real time production systems. Although originally developed for Solaris, the program became a standard component of FreeBSD and provided comprehensive support to DTrace.

August 2010

Capsicum is a lightweight operating system capability and sandbox framework. It can be used to separate applications, to decompose larger software systems into isolated components and to limit the impact of software loopholes. Capsicum was originally developed by Cambridge University and published for the first time as an optional feature in FreeBSD 9.0, and later as a default in FreeBSD 10.0.

- 2012 CHERI

In 2012, Cambridge University began to develop the Capitality Hardware Enhanced RISC Industries (CHERI), based on the development of the previous Capsicum project. CHERI transferred the Capsicum hybrid capability model to the CPU architecture area to achieve fine particle isolation in process address space and to support current software design.

- 2012 POUDRIERE

Poudriere is a tool to test port through jail and then build a FreeBSD mirror, which is added to Ports.

- 12 April 2012 CLANG/LLVM

The LLVM project is a modular and reusable set of compilers and tool chain techniques. The Clang project provided LLVM with a C language front end and tool infrastructure. These procedures are currently a compilation infrastructure for FreeBSD.

- Migration from CVS to Subversion 28 February 2013

The migration from CVS to Subversion was officially completed on February 28, 2013, as most of the port has been developed in Subversion. FreeBSD Ports no longer uses CVS.

- September 17, 2013 Open Source ZFS project started

The ZFS open source project is derived from the Open Solaris project. On 17 September 2013, the ZFS Open Source Project announced OpenZFS as its successor and created an official community to sustain development and support.


- January-February 2014 FreeBSD issue number

As the voice of the FreeBSD community, and as the best way to follow up on the latest edition and new developments of FreeBSD, FreeBSD was launched in January/February 2014 with a focus on FreeBSD 10.

- June 19, 2017. First FreeBSD Day.

The International FreeBSD Day is an annual celebration to celebrate the pioneering and continuing impact of FreeBSD on technology and to commemorate its legacy.


- April 6, 2021. Git migration completed.

The migration from Subversion to Git was completed on April 6, 2021. This process began in DevSummit in May 2019, when a Git working group was formed.


# References

- Original text from [Timeline] (https://freebsdfoundation.org/freebsd/timeline/), with changes.

。