# Section 1.7 Overview of BSD licences

Only the main BSD licences (except BSD-4-Clause) are listed here. More BSD licences are available at [OSI Approved Licenses] (https://openuse.org/licenses?ls=BSD) and [SPDX License List] (https://spdx.org/licenses/).

All BSD licences listed below are non-copyleft, i.e. no modified version must also be free software. For more discussion see [BSD licensing issues] (https://www.gnu.org/licenses/bsd.zh-cn.html).

It is important to note that not the larger the numbers, the more new, but the more restrictive.

# BSD Zero Clause Licence (Zero-Clause BSD, 0BSD)

The permit is a variation of the ISC licence, not from the BSD family, and is a public domain licence.

````
Zero-Clause BSD
== sync, corrected by elderman ==

Mission to use, copy, motory, and/or distribute this software for
No, no, no, no, no.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDD "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISTLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO TO TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALLIL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
Of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALLTHE AUTHOR BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRICT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY
DAMAGES WHATSEVER RESULTING FORM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHOTER IN
AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TOTIOS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
````

I don't...

BSD Zero Clause Licence

Authority to use, copy, modify and/or distribute this software for any purpose, whether or not charged, is hereby granted to any person.

This software is provided as it is and the author does not provide any assurance about the software, including all implied assurances of marketability and applicability. In any event, the author is not liable for any particular, direct, indirect or consequential damage, or any form of damage, resulting from a loss of use, data or profit, whether caused in contractual litigation, negligence or other tort, or by the use or implementation of the software.


# BSD 1 clause license (1-clause BSD License, BSD-1-Clause)


````
Copyright (c) [year]
[All rights reserved].

Redistribution and use in time and binary forms, with or without migration, are programmed that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above Copyright notice, this list of solutions and the following dichotomy.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVID BY [Name of Organisation] “AS PORTANY PORTALEGEDE, IN NO EVENTAGANDE PORTATHATES [Name of Organisation]
````

I don't...

Copyright Declaration (c) \\[year]

[name of organization] Retention of title.

Redistribution and use of this software in source code and binary formats, whether modified or not, is permitted, subject to the following conditions:

Re-issuance of the source code must keep the above-mentioned copyright declaration, the list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
This software is provided by the [name of the organization] as “as it is”, without any express or implied assurance, including, but not limited to, implied assurance of marketability and specific use applicability. In any event, the [name of the organization] shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, extraordinary, punitive or consequential damage (including but not limited to the loss of procurement of alternative goods or services, use, data or profits, or business interruption) caused by the use of this software, whether the claim is based on contract, strict liability or tort (including negligence or other) even if it has been informed that such damage may have occurred.

# BSD Two Clause Licence (The 2-Clause BSD License, BSD-2-Clause)

The BSD two-term licence, the FreeBSD licence, also known as the simplified version of the BSD licence, was the preferred licence for the FreeBSD project, deleting the advertising clause in the original BSD licence (i.e. BSD-4-Clause) and requiring only the retention of a copyright declaration.

````
Copyright < Year > Copyright Holder >

Redistribution and use in time and binary forms, with or without migration, are programmed that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above Copyright notice, this list of settlements and the following dichotomy.

2. Refusals in binary must recommend the above copyright notice, this list of solutions and the following dichotomy in the documentation and/or other technicals contributed with the dichotomy.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVID BY THE COPYHIGHT HOLDERS ANND AND EXTERS OR IMPLIED BARRANTIES, INCLUDING, UT NO SHAL PHE PHYHITHELITHE, OR CONTIBERTITY ANTHY NETY DICERTE, LDCTATETATETATESOTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF OF THE THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE THE POSIBILITY OF SUMAGE.
````

I don't...

Copyright < Year > < Copyright Holder>

Redistribution and use of this software in source code and binary formats, whether modified or not, is permitted, subject to the following conditions:

1. Re-publication of the source code shall be subject to the retention of the above-mentioned copyright declaration, the list of these conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The above-mentioned copyright declaration, the list of these conditions and the following disclaimer shall be reproduced in the attached document and/or other material for re-issuance in binary form.

This software is provided by the copyright holder and the contributor “in its original form” without any express or implied assurance, including, but not limited to, implied assurances of marketability and specific use applicability. In any event, the copyright holder or contributor shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damage (including but not limited to the loss of procurement of substitute goods or services, use, data or profits, or business interruption) caused by the use of the software, whether the claim is based on contract, strict liability or tort (including negligence or other) even if it has been notified that such damage may have occurred.

# BSD Three Clause Licence (The 3-Clause BSD License, BSD-3-Clause)

The 3rd BSD license is also known as the new BSD license, the modified BSD license. This licence only removes the advertising clause in the BSD IV licence and places additional restrictions on the promotion of derivatives in the author ' s name.

````
Copyright < Year > Copyright Holder >

Redistribution and use in time and binary forms, with or without migration, are programmed that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above Copyright notice, this list of settlements and the following dichotomy.

2. Refusals in binary must recommend the above copyright notice, this list of solutions and the following dichotomy in the documentation and/or other technicals contributed with the dichotomy.

Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to end up or promote programmes convinced from this software without specific Prior written mission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVID BY TOHERT HOTHY ANTYYYYYYETERTATETATETATETATES “AS IS” AND ANY EXTERS OR IMPILIETH. IN NO EVENT SALLE HOTHE HOLITHE OR CONTITUTUTIITY ANTHY
````

I don't...

Copyright < Year > < Copyright Holder>

Redistribution and use of this software in source code and binary formats, whether modified or not, is permitted, subject to the following conditions:

1. Re-publication of the source code shall be subject to the retention of the above-mentioned copyright declaration, the list of these conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. The above-mentioned copyright declaration, the list of these conditions and the following disclaimer shall be reproduced in the attached document and/or other material for re-issuance in binary form.

3. The name of the copyright holder or his or her contributor shall not be used without prior written authorization to endorse or promote products originating from this software.

This software is provided by the copyright holder and the contributor “in its original form” without any express or implied assurance, including, but not limited to, implied assurances of marketability and specific use applicability. In any event, the copyright holder or contributor shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damage (including but not limited to the loss of procurement of substitute goods or services, use, data or profits, or business interruption) caused by the use of the software, whether the claim is based on contract, strict liability or tort (including negligence or other) even if it has been notified that such damage may have occurred.

# BSD 4-Clause "Original" or "Old" License, BSD-4-Clause

BSD 4 license, the original BSD license, is currently not recognized by OSI. The licence contains an advertising clause requiring the use of the author's products to be declared in the software (see article 3 below).

````
Copyright (c) Year(s)

Redistribution and use in time and binary forms, with or without migration, are programmed that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above Copyright notice, this list of settlements and the following dichotomy.
2. Refusals in binary must recommend the above copyright notice, this list of solutions and the following dichotomy in the documentation and/or other technicals contributed with the dichotomy.
3. All
This program involves software developed by the organization.
Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its contributors may be used to secure or promote programmes from this software without specific pre-war permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDIED BY COPYHIGHT HOLDER "AS" AND ANY EXTRESS OR IMPLIDES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITETO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND A PATRIGULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMEDE, INVENENTA EN EVENT SHALL COPYGARDENETE, NO EEVENTE HOLTE LEGE ENTENTIRETENTE ENTETFE, INTETFE, INTIETENTETF,OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WEHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRIT LIBILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGIGENCE OR OOTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE USE OF THE THIS SOFTWAWARE, EVEN IF ADVISEED OF THE POSIBILTY OF SUMAGE.
````

I DON'T...

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED ARE <YEARS > . RETENTION OF TITLE.

REDISTRIBUTION AND USE OF THIS SOFTWARE IN SOURCE CODE AND BINARY FORMATS, WHETHER MODIFIED OR NOT, IS PERMITTED, SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS:

1. RE-PUBLICATION OF THE SOURCE CODE SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE RETENTION OF THE ABOVE-MENTIONED COPYRIGHT DECLARATION, THE LIST OF THESE CONDITIONS AND THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER.
2. THE ABOVE-MENTIONED COPYRIGHT DECLARATION, THE LIST OF THESE CONDITIONS AND THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMER SHALL BE REPRODUCED IN THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT AND/OR OTHER MATERIAL FOR RE-ISSUANCE IN BINARY FORM.
3. ALL ADVERTISING MATERIALS THAT REFER TO THE FUNCTIONALITY OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE MUST CONTAIN THE FOLLOWING CREDIT STATEMENTS:

THIS PRODUCT INCLUDES SOFTWARE DEVELOPED BY THE ORGANIZATION.
4. THE NAME OF THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND HIS OR HER CONTRIBUTOR SHALL NOT BE USED WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN AUTHORIZATION TO ENDORSE OR PROMOTE PRODUCTS ORIGINATING FROM THIS SOFTWARE.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED ASSURANCE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED ASSURANCES OF MARKETABILITY AND APPLICATION FOR SPECIFIC PURPOSES. IN ANY CASE, THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, USE, DATA OR PROFITS, OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS) CAUSED BY THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, WHETHER THE CLAIM OF LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER) EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN INFORMED THAT SUCH DAMAGE MAY HAVE OCCURRED.
。