# Section 24.1 DragonFly BSD Overview

DragonFly BSD is a type Unix operating system that was born from FreeBSD 4.8. The project was launched in June 2003 by Matthew Dillon (graduated from Berkeley University) who was involved in the development of Amiga (fired computers in the last century) and published in July 2003 on [FreeBSD mailing list] (https://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-current/2003-July/006889.html).

Dillon started the DragonFly BSD project because he felt that FreeBSD 5 developers had chosen a way of developing parallel calculations (e.g., SMP symmetrical overprocessing), which would reduce systemic performance. Dillon tried to influence the design principles of the FreeBSD project and argued with FreeBSD developers, who were deprived of the right to directly edit the source code. Nevertheless, DragonFly BSD and FreeBSD are still working together to repair some errors and update the driver.

DrogonFly BSD has been hampered by the continuation of the road started by FreeBSD 4, and the development of DragonFly BSD is very different from the FreeBSD basic system in several respects, including lightweight internal kernel realization and the HamMER file system. Many of DragonFly BSD design concepts draw on AmigaOS solutions.

DragonFly BSD has its own i915 card-driven structure which only supports x86-64. DragonFly BSD does not have Linux Compatibility Layer. DPorts is compatible with FreeBSD Ports.

DragonFly BSD: <https://www.dragonflybsd.org/donations/> appears to support only the international Paypal. We've already e-mailed it.

> ** Note**
>
>DragonFlyBSD documents are older, but this does not match the real development progress, but DragonFlyBSD is still more active. Do not be discouraged by DragonFly BSD old official documents.
。