Section 5.4 Five Input Method

IBus

Need to install configuration IBus, a little.


# # Install Rime input method


```sh '
# pkg install zh-ibus-rime
````

Or:

```sh '
# cd/usr/ports/chinese/bus-rime/
# Make install clean
````

The `ibus-setup ' adds the `rime ' input method to the terminal to run the initialization command:

![.. ..gitbook/assets/wubi3.png]

# # Configure Rime Input Method

98 additional five-coded tables (`free-bsd-98wubbi-tables-master/wubi86.dect.yaml`, `free-bsd-98wubes-mast/wubi86.schema.yaml`) are reproduced under the `/usr/local/share/rime-date ' directory. Download address: [FreeBSD-98wubi-tales] (https://github.com/FreeBSD-Ask/98-input/)

Modify the `default.yaml ' file under `/usr/local/share/rime-date ' : Open `default.yaml ' to find `schema_lis ' , add `-schema: wubi98 ' in the first line below and delete other options as follows:

```sh '
♪ Rime default settings
# Encoding: utf-8

Config_version: '0.40'

Schema_list:
- Schema: wubi98.

...the rest is omitted...
````

Save exit redeployment Rime input method is sufficient.

![.. ..gitbook/assets/wubi4.png]

![..gitbook/assets/wubi5.png]

# Fcitx 5


# # Install Fcitx 5

```sh '
#pkg install fcitx5 fcitx5-qt5 fcitx5-qtx5-gtk2 fcitx5-gtk3 fcitx5-gtk4 fcitx5-configtool-qt5 fcitx5-qt6 zh-fcitx5chinese-addons
````

Fcitx 5 configurations are omitted.

# # Fcitx 5 Configure 98 5

First download the required documentation: <https://github.com/FreeBSD-Ask/98-input>.

- Copy `98v/wbx.conf ' files to `/usr/local/share/fcitx5/inputmethod/ ' below;
- Copy the `985/fcitx-98wubi.png ' and `org.fcitx.Fcitx5.fcitx-98wubi.png ' icons to `/usr/local/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/ ' below;
- `98/wbx.main.dict ' , placed below `/usr/local/share/libime/ ' .
- Restart `fcitx5 ' with 98 initials in settings.

![.. ..gitbook/assets/wubi1.png]

![..gitbook/assets/wubi2.png]

I don't...

Appendix: King 98 Five ways to generate `.dict ' libraries, which can be generated by the following commands:

```sh '
Libime_tablefect98wbx.txt98wbx.main.dict
````

# Configure Rime with 86

First install and configure Fcitx 5. Configure from a cursor.

```sh '
# pkg inzh-fcitx5-rime-rime-say-rime-wubi
````

Or:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/chinese/rime-wubi/
#cd/usr/ports/chinese/fcitx5-rime/ & make install clean
#cd /usr/ports/chinese/rime-say/ & make install clean
````

The method of joining Rime is described above (Rime input method called `Chongzhou rhyme ' ), omitted.

Amend `/usr/local/share/rime-data/default.yaml ' to read as follows:

````
♪ Rime default settings
# Encoding: utf-8

Config_version: '0.40'

Schema_list:
- Yeah.

...other omissions ...
````

# Profile

Five input methods have been installed, and the profile of the rime is located as follows:

- Ibus.

```sh '
$ cd ~/.config/ibus/rime
````

- Fcitx5.

```sh '
$ cd ~/.local/share/fcitx5/rime
````

# # Modify the candidacy to 9 lines

`cd ' must go to the above profile directory before the following operations are performed.

Method 1

```sh '
$ rime_watch
Page_size: 9 # Enter and return
^D # press ctrl+D
I'm sorry, watch applied.
````

Of which:

- `default ' against `default.custom.yaml ' files
- `menu ' Corresponding Level I option, `page_size ' Corresponding Level II option

Restart it.

Method 2

```sh '
$ rime_payout menu/page_size
9 # Enter and get back to the car
^D # press ctrl+D
I'm sorry, watch applied.
````

Restart it.

It is recommended that form II be used to set it up, which requires some knowledge of the configuration file format in a more complex setting.

# # Default English output

```sh '
$ rime_watch wubi86 'switches/@1/reset'
One.
D
I'm sorry, watch applied.
````

Here apply the Patch to wubi86 input method (writing `wubi86.custom.yaml '), most of the options are related to the input method, and only a few are global (writing `default.custom.yaml ')

Restart it.

# IBus

Edit `~/.config/ibus/rime/build/bus_rime.yaml ' , replace `herizontal: flase ' with `herizontal: true ' redeployment input method or restart.

![.. ..gitbook/assets/wubi6.png]

# It's broken

- This has moved to a common file, which normally changes only to the user configuration, which would affect the overall situation and would be easily restored if updated.

Pending.

# References

- [Queries how to set the display of input frames] (https://github.com/rime/ibus-rime/issues/52)
- [LOYOON-Tsaw/Rime_collections/] (https://github.com/LOYOon-Tsaw/Rime_collections/blob/master/Rime_description.md)
- [rime/CustomizationGuide] (https://github.com/rime/home/wiki/CustomizationGuide)
