# Section 26.1 OpenBSD Overview

# OpenBSD Official Presentation [INTALLATION NORTS for OpenBSD/amd64 7.6] (https://cdn.openbsd.org/pub/OpenBSD/7.amd64/INTAL.amd64)

OpenBSD is a fully functional multi-platform UN*X operating system based on Berkeley Network Release 2 (Net/2) and 4.4BSD-Lite. Although there are several operating systems within the family, OpenBSD gives priority to security and rigour. The OpenBSD team is committed to the so-called “default security” state, which means that OpenBSD users can be assured that the newly installed system will not be easily invaded. OpenBSD achieved this “default security” goal through an active security strategy.

Since the security gap is essentially a design or implementation error, the OpenBSD team focuses not only on the preparation of new codes, but also on identifying and repairing existing design deficiencies and gaps achieved. As a result, the OpenBSD system is not only safer but also more stable. The source code for all key system components is checked to prevent remote access, local access, denial of services, data destruction and information gathering.

In addition to repairing the loophole, OpenBSD integrates powerful encryption into the basic system. OpenBSD provides a fully functional IPsec realization and supports commonly used protocols such as SSL and SSH. At the same time, OpenBSD has built into its web filtering and monitoring tools, such as package filters, NAT and bridges, as well as various route services such as BGP and OSPF. Support for hardware encryption has also been added to the system to meet high performance requirements. While safety is usually seen as a trade-off with usability, OpenBSD offers as many security options as possible, so that users do not feel burdened while enjoying security calculations.

As OpenBSD originates from Canada, its encryption components (e.g. OpenSSH and IPsec) are exported to the world without restriction.

(Note: OpenBSD cannot re-export from the United States if it enters the United States. Therefore, if you are located outside Canada and the United States, please do not get the release from the mirror server located in the United States. I'm not sure.

# OpenBSD Profile

OpenBSD, also a category Unix computer operating system, was born in 1995 with the Dutch Canadian programmer Theo de Raadt from NetBSD (who was also one of the founders of NetBSD). OpenBSD publishes a new version every six months.

OpenBSD claims to be the safest operating system in the world (recalls the 2014 German film * [who Am I – Kein System Qist sicher] (https://www.imdb.com/title/tt304208/)*, i.e. [who I am: there is no absolutely safe system] (https://movie.douban.com/subject/25932086/). OpenBSD slogan is "Only two remote holes in the default emergency, in a check of a long time!"

OpenBSD uses LLVM/Clang projects to build the system, default shell as ksh, a mascot called Puffy.

OpenBSD claims tend to have a security level compared to other BSD systems (for the safe removal of Linux compatibility layers, doas replaced sudo etc., default [restricted] [restricted] (https://marc.info/?l=openbsd-tech&m=153504937925732&w=2)). For this, the user experience (the system as a whole is not working efficiently), after all, one of the consequences is that software is relatively small, not only far behind FreeBSD, but even less than NetBSD. The good news, however, is that OpenBSD has maintained many structures, such as amd64/i386, arm64/armv7 and riscv64, with minimal human and material resources, as a solid universal operating system. A large number of desktop environments, such as Gnome, Mate and XFCE, and Blender, Firefox, Krita and Libreoffice have also been packaged to expand desktop users. It is believed that on the way forward, OpenBSD will gradually optimize performance and better serve all humanity.

On the Chinese Internet, OpenBSD is well known for an impressive story - in 2014, [OpenBSD is at risk of being shut down due to non-payment of electricity] (https://marc.info/?l=openbsd-micc&m=138972987203440&w=2), but almost all the users of the software developed by OpenBSD are using it — OpenSSH, a sub-project of OpenBSD — and it is also common that the whole open-source ecology is supported by a few projects and may be maintained by fewer than one person, but they often lack any attention, but they do so. The latter companies have assisted them, including the country's Yongho's [Hork Technology] (https://undeadly.org/cgi?action=article&sid=201611239378).

There is a deep misunderstanding among many about OpenBSD that lack of money or people affects its development progress or that it is concerned only with security. But the fact is quite the opposite, contrasting the drem stays at Linux 5.15, and even the wiFi of the berry pie is not driven by FreeBSD. OpenBSD fully modernized in terms of driving (drm even reached [Linux 6.6] (https://cdn.openbsd.org/pub/OpenBSD/7.ANNOUNCEMENT) long ago achieved [WiFi Ax] (https://man.openbsd.org/iwx.4), and supported [UFS] (https://man.openbsd.org/ufshci.4) (Universal Flash Storage). It proves that money and people are needed, but not absolutely. Whether the world is made up of a large grass-roots team or of the elite of the Academy is always a matter of thought.

OpenBSD packages are small, obsolete packages are removed, new ones are out of reach, for example, you can't even find a login manager (except gdm).

# File system

The file system that OpenBSD uses by default FFS is actually the same as FreeBSD UFS, which is no different from the mounted parameters.

# # References

- [ffs -- Berkeley last file system] (https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?fs(7))

# Donate OpenBSD

[Donating to the Foundation] (https://www.openbsdfoundation.org/donations.html) It appears that people in mainland China have difficulty donating to it and accept only PayPal, `this country or region does not support donations to this recipient ' . We've already sent an e-mail.

# OpenBSD Server and OpenBSD VPS

OpenBSD VPS supplier OpenBSD Amsterdam <https://openbsd.amsterdam> from the Netherlands, and hens are OpenBSD and OpenBSD. Configure 1G RAM 50G HDD for 64 Euros per year (approximately RMB 470) and each VPS will donate to the OpenBSD Foundation, where hen addresses and configurations can be viewed at <https://openbsd.amsterdam/servers.html> to try to open and ping. VPS is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, by way of the route to the United States. - There is no interest in this.


。