Section 19.3 Novel: You and Dark

In the evening, she was half-drilled. The people of the city have returned to their homes to prepare dinner。

The housekeepers are responsible for the purchase of the family name. Although the housekeeper would not do it himself, today he intends to try his own way back。

"How much is this potato?" The butler said。

"Turn over there, San Vi over here." The teenager pointed at the potatoes and said。

The butler doesn't know, "Why is it 2 mil over there and 3 mil over here? What's the difference?"

The young man explained, "No big difference. I picked something good, so I could sell it for a good price; as for the ugly, it's cheaper to sell. They're like potatoes."

"Look how small you are to sell food. I think you're still studying at your age." He said the housekeeper picked up a big yellow paper bag and went to the cheap potato pile。

“My family is poor, has no relatives, has no money to study, and my grades in school are normal, perhaps I am used to being ordinary. It's even more impossible for a cuisine."

The teenager pointed to the potato and said, "The potatoes are so ugly, so small, they won't taste good, so why don't you pick the big ones, and I'll sell you cheap."

The butler leans down and picks up a little yellow potato tunnel that falls down on the ground, "It's not necessarily my favorite, so far, is a little potato like this, which, although not very good, is much better than your potato. It was my grandmother's potato. It was so thin, soft, tender, smelly. Too bad you can't eat potatoes like that, and that taste will never be found because..." Said the butler swallowed up, dropped the bag and wiped his eyes。

It is natural that the housekeepers are inherited and, if they lack the capacity, they are reduced to groceries。

I weighed you over the housekeeper's bag, hesitated for a while, and the grocier boy said a number “five”。

The housekeeper put his hand in his own pocket and touched it and handed it to him with wrinkled paper。

The young man didn't seem to give the potato to the butler, holding the bag and asking, "Are these potatoes really so good?"

The housekeeper took a bag of potatoes and said, "Of course, I'm leaving." The housekeeper disappeared from his sight as soon as he was seen by the young vegetable salesman. These potatoes are naturally left to the housekeeper himself。

"The potatoes, the eggplant, the beans, the beans." He thought the ugly little potatoes were really good。

Half an hour has passed, and it is time for the stall, and the young will have to fix their own dinner。

And this is when an old grandma with a cane stomped on her teens, and she said, "What's a good potato? I'm going to buy it for my grandson. He loves potatoes."

"Grandma, look at this pile of potatoes," the teenager pointed to a bunch of little potatoes that the butler had just chosen. "They're not very good-looking, but they're better-looking than that bunch of potatoes. I don't want your money if you buy it back

Grandma picked her up and picked up her plastic bag and thought, "Don't lie to me, my grandson's been studying in foreign countries for years. I haven't seen him for over a decade, and I don't know if he'll ever see him again." Come on, Ma's handing out a different color for the groceries。

The young man said no, "Grandma, how could I lie to you so you can pick one of these two, and I'll give you a bag, and you'll try hard to make two fried potatoes. I don't want your money

"You can't sell food, young man. How can I take advantage of you? I'll put it here."

It's half a rainstone。

Grandma disappeared somehow. I'll take it. "Come back tomorrow, I'll pay you back..." "Little words, sunset, darker."。

"Oh, it's easy, it's hard, it's hard."

He was adopted by an old vegetable farmer. Naturally, it was many years ago, and now the young are all alone in order to survive。

It was only then that the words of the earlier words were said that the world was indifferent and that today's hardship left him helpless。

"What more to eat!"

And now he's got some income by selling vegetables. He wants to make his own ideas come true。

The boy spent some time cleaning up the booth. There's nothing to clean up, and in his mind, it's his last show. He still has countless ideas to come to。

He took off his coat and put on clothes a few years ago. Take the pin off the window. Throw the extra vegetables to the beggar. He's going to check out the street。

The streets of the city are divided into three levels, internal and external. The inner streets are mainly cuisine monasteries, in which the émigrés or pedagogues are gathered; the middle streets are places of residence, etc. They also provide food and clothing stores, mainly garment shops, meat shops, blacksmith shops, and, as far as the outer streets are concerned, the place of fireworks, which is a market。

Thus, it is argued that if the people living in the market do not leave when they are young, they will never be able to leave, and the candles will go down。

It was logical that the children ' s food should be left in the middle of the street, but the place was not a young person ' s place, and he did not know why the old seller had opened it here. However, the market is expensive in the middle of the street, with only one other vendor on the outside and a good income on the outside. That's it, it hasn't changed。

Liu's third generation of officials, son of a father and father of a son. It is also a well-oiled position in the court. There is no loss, and the position is much higher than that of the civilian population。

The young man quickly arrived in the inner street and asked about Liu's home. The lion in front of Liu's house is like swallowing a teenager。

Liu Qing Xue is the same window where he went to school, and they discuss it with the college in heaven, and when the young people have money, they will come up with an idea. Three years have passed, and today it is the search for Liu Qianwu。

Young man hesitated repeatedly and knocked on the left side door. But in a moment, a doorman came out, and the doorman looked at the young man's clothes and answered with respect, "What's the matter with him?"

"I am a dear friend of a cold window, and I have an important matter to discuss, so please inform you of the young man's groaning。

"Please wait a minute. I'll tell you what happened."。

After a long time, the sky was full of stars and moon teeth bent。

The doorman came out, handed out a letter saying, "My young man asked you not to come to him again and wrote you a letter to make yourself comfortable. My door isn't open to anyone。

Young people don't look so good, they don't even know what it is. Thinking of the cold, what was it? He's probably hiding something。

The letter was torn off, the letter was torn out, it was torn out, it had a short phrase in a crazy font, but the font was familiar, to the effect that "Sell your food well, and I have to read the book, and your idea is impossible. If you bother me again, I'll break your leg."

The letter floated with a breeze and lost its trail. The stinging of the trees is loud and annoying。

Teenage anger: "Ridiculous! This began with the idea that Liu Qianwu himself had put forward, which I agreed with. That's ridiculous! The verticals are not enough and the plot is not enough."

He's not sure what he's up to, is he? I've made a deal with the old client to stop selling food。

It is not a small town, but rather a big city that ranks all over the continent. Three streets inside and outside are just outside. In the inner city, which is a very human territory, ordinary people, such as merchants, will never get in, and there is a curtain in the inner city, and only the pedagogues can walk。

No one can say how big a city is. Because no one has ever walked in or out of the street. It's just a few feet down the road. Bluestone looks ordinary, but no one underestimates it. Or it's already dead。

This city is a national name。

In the Roading City, every person is born with two excellent choices: to worship the fairy or to study, which is known as the church. And so there is one who is one and the other, and it is said: "Indecent of the world, in search of the wonders. Not used to a sword.”。

There is also a different understanding of the pedagogues, with the view that air luck is the most important, with lower levels of qualification; that personal work is the most important, with others standing side by side; and that money is the most important for a few. It is generally accepted that the French husband and wife are in need。

But the general and fundamental view is that if your own qualifications are not sufficient and you are forced to work hard to change the status quo, it is absolutely thirsty。

Why do you say that? Those who preach, whether they act in the right or in the wrong, are bound to heaven. This day may refer to the fate of the human person or to himself。

Without this qualification in itself, it can only be shown that it is not meant to be appropriate to practise it, to impose it, and it is against the peace. Because, regardless of the sanctuaries, the number of pedagogues is constant and limited, and it is impossible to say that all are fair。

Forced refinement is therefore of little use and nothing but grief. There have been many special cases, such as digging a book in a dead well, and then practicing, and you've become a fairy。

So people say that there is no desire, that there is no ability to do so. Coercion is counterproductive, and there is nothing in itself, and it is doomed to death and death。

There is no doubt that the search for the city will not be possible

The search for the path means the existence of the ways, the teaching, the preaching, the radiant. The concept of these four phases is based on the establishment of a track school, which comes from the institute。

For, in the past, the gates of the true world have taken their own treasures, their powers, their mouths, and their mouths, not to say that they will never be heard, but at least they will not be heard, except by the master and the inner core of the clan or the council of elders。

There are even those who say that they don't know what to do. To some extent, this has led to a decline in the cuisine, as there is no modus operandi to refine. But it's not that there's someone who can make it up, and it's rated high, but you can't make it up, so you can't fix it without it。

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no。

As the saying goes, "10%, 90% can be solved with money. And the rest can be solved with more money.” Although somewhat exaggerated, we cannot deny that something is absolutely dominant in one thing, not that you can change it by something else。

People like Chen, money must be there, after all these years of selling food. But to say more, that's certainly not much, because he's still out on the street。

We cannot deny the influence of identity in the middle, which has prevented him from entering the street. But we must admit that he is rich, but not enough。

The same thing we're like in the case of the monastery, it takes talent. And everyone has a gift, and we cannot deny it, but it depends on the talent. If we don't, we need more talent. If you don't, we can line up. Apparently none。

Chen is not discouraged. Because maybe he has one last chance, that's to get into that place. It's impossible to sell food, and Chen can't sell food anymore. After all, there's a saying that horses don't turn back. Pack your bags. Chen keeps thinking about the way to make money。

Wherever, without money, it's always a painful thing。

For teenagers, that is another euphemism: “No one has money and no talent to teach, find a place to cool off”。

It's good that when it's a river, you can still get rich。

It is a holy place beyond the reach of outsiders, yet it is a holy place that many hate. And therewith thou shalt fix the parchment, and therewith there shall be no blemish, and there shall be no blemish, and there shall be no blemish, but there shall be no blemish。

Any flyer's message, the goose's message, is impossible in the Road City, which is too big for birds to reach a designated location for life; even if there are some flying tools, it is not available, and it is forbidden to travel。

So it's obvious that the transmission of information is very important in such a big city. But because it can only be done by those who do it, there is no way to plan it, either by a single scholar or by a pedagogy, who, while they value it, can only give the pebbles to the pedagogues to study a way to spread information quickly and communicate。

From here on, the importance of spirituality has been emphasized, and it is necessary to learn to teach. The monks no longer act as if they had been separated, but have joined together to set up monasteries. People seem to underestimate their influence, and now they're permeating the city

As for internal and external distress, they don't care much, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. There are no so-called masters of the city. At present, most of the power is in that faction。

There's a way to find the hymn, to learn to ask. Chen is watching the match at the gate of Tiando City and doesn't know what to say. He hates all this inside。

The three words of the search for the city above are recognized. It's a long ink. Gives a sense of fairy tales, and so, if the world rises. Chen's been watching for a moment, and his feelings of disgust are gone。

Chen Xin had to lament that people did not practice it for its sake, and that if one day there were ways to make people more immortal and more powerful than the rest of them, there would be no one to fix it. The city looks bright and bright, but it does not know how many dirty things have happened。

The food must not be bought. Businessmen speak the faith, and no one who does not speak the truth is a businessman, but a human-eating animal. It is a truth that Chen is aware of, and that Chen is out of the inner city and back home。

Chen seems to be walking around, back and forth. To teach, he will not be able to grow, and he will not buy seed, nor will he know when to water, when to fertilize, when to earth and when to harvest, nor even when to sow. No one knows how Chen has come through these years。

Chen is not sad because there will be more. Chen Sun still wants to go to a place where only he can remember who he really is。

The silence of the mountains does not mean killing. On the contrary, it is often more peaceful because it is rare, with the exception of a few little flower snakes who are fertilizing their tongues by the trees and waiting for a full meal。

A wide variety of gravel is covered in mountain roads, and the mosses in the sutures are sprung out. The moss is covered with maple leaves. What a contrast. It's not too narrow. I'm not gonna let you have two or three。

At the end of the road, as if there was a smoke, as if it were calling for lost tourists to come home, but what about homeless people

Sporadic rain has washed away the dark black blood from the trail years ago and has been extracted from the mammoth trees to feed. There will be neither an umbrella nor the day when the rain stops. No one knows why, no one wants to know why. So let the rain drop on the earth。

There is a sound that travels through the empty mountains, sweating through his shirts, in the midst of hot times, and all the sounds in the jungle are heard. It's annoying。

Chen has always dreamed of finding something in some place, or sending a thunderlight to split it, or being the reincarnation of some divine power. However, the facts tell him that these things may exist and they are certainly not wrong。

Chen Xin wants to plant land here, and then to survive a life that is not long for the monks。

Although he is still young, this does not prevent him from having such a hidden idea. He also struggled, but it didn't work, and could not be said to have given up, but to have put out the illusions。

It doesn't matter if he gets used to it. He intends to move his home here, which is empty and therefore cheap. It's easy to buy down。

This is not a land of no lord. This is a piece of his old house. He bought the land in order to bury himself there. Why would anyone come here before the village and then the shop。

That is why no one will come here, the bravest tourists will not come, there will be no dangerous rock worth climbing; there will be no old, experienced pharmacist, there will be no meeting the conditions for herbal survival at all; there will be no even a monk, but it is far too remote, too cold to live for long, and there is a fear of aggression。

“To many people, the service is just normal. Like food and water, it is the instinct of the human body, and it does not require much effort. But for me, I never dreamt I'd go to the church and think about it in my heart, and Chen was silent。

He wanted to shout "Aah" at that far mountain, but he couldn't. No matter how strong it may be, it will not come out. He really wanted to shout that line. It is the loud cry, and the true cry。

Chen took him to the city house. It's rented to a business next door, which is a good place after all。

As for the things in the house, naturally he moved here. There's nothing good about it, but a few shovels. It's just a bunch of farm tools。

For Chen, life over the years is more like entering the mud. And now that we're out of it, how can we want to get back into the mud

All alone, there is nothing long. It's the true picture of what has been found。

It is clear that building a house is not an easy task for Chen, even though he has learned some basic work from his neighbour, Uncle Liu。

Well here, there was a room used as a gravekeeper. Not too many, not too few, whole row, just a dozen rooms. Two threes. That's enough. Just a simple patch, that's all。

As the saying goes, to do good, you have to do it first。

Chen Zheng put a stake and a leash in the cemetery, like a couple of big sheep. But he didn't have a sheep plan。

After all, he didn't like to be disturbed, even though no one would appear here except himself。

Chen has been doing this since early morning, and he has little sleep to sleep with. The weed cut his arm. Mosquito bit several big bags and he didn't see。

Although it was painful and itchy, he knew that the situation would not last long, as the grass would soon be pulled out by itself。

Burn the meat, the grass is too young to burn. I had to pull my hand out。

On the east side of the house is an open area, with a grapefruit tree on the most right side of the open area. It's about ten or twenty years old。

In July there will be a fire, and the weather will soon cool, and the grapefruit will be blue and the man will be green。

The front of this one is the big one。

Chen thought, "Maybe we can get a fish or something."

“It would have been good if there had been a cold-hot method here, but it would have cost too much money, not so much money, to grow a crop in spring.”

It's better to lie down. Chen is now, in such a state, lying down。

Faced with a fish pond with a border. Reading doesn't help. A few stones were picked up and thrown into the water, and several layers of water were thrown。

In addition to the ripples of the layer, there are also, from time to time, a few grassfish jumping out as if they were fighting over the dragon gate。

Chen Zheng sits on a couch and looks up to the sky every day. There are clouds on the horizon for days to see how many colours the rainbow has, and how many geese it has plundered, and tell him the weather and the time。

Spring, summer, autumn, winter, spring. If there were anyone else, he would be envied。

That's a good one。

Who is alone? Perhaps only he is。

Get a cat, three dogs. Every day we go for grass, and we go to the corn paste. It's his meal, it's a dog's meal, a cat's meal。

And a black dog of half a man, one, and a yellow dog with high knees, two; and as for the cat, it is in the yellow and the black, which is a little plentiful。

Usually, the cat is like Chen Sun, lying on the roof. No matter what happens, it won't come down. At best, keep your eyelids open and scream like you're complaining, "Silence, you're bothering me!"

The big black dog was too big, so Chen was chained. As for the yellow dogs, they go wherever they want. I'll never come back without the dirt on my body。

They're all young dogs, so Chen is not afraid they'll throw away. It's just that there's nothing left to eat, and the dog doesn't like to eat raw food, but it bites, and it bites the cabbage and leaves a half bag. Take the fence, dig out a hole, and dig in. It's not digging for itself, just because it's cooler there。

Nothing had been done under the tree, and he knew that no matter what was done, there was nothing more to do than to make himself more difficult。

The dog's hair is off and long。

Oh, it's just free time. Chan raised some rabbits。

In the summer, the male rabbit ran around in the rabbit's nest, running around, making Chen sleepless. He had to come out in the middle of the night and took out the male rabbits who were moving, and put them aside and left them alone. That's how it's quiet。

Chen has never heard a rabbit bark, a dog is an owl, a cat is a owl, and the rabbit seems to really don't。

With these animals, Chen only feels more bitter. He even wants to raise a few chickens, but think about it or not, there's cats here. The chickens don't feed and all turn into cat lunch。

Chen was also interested in carving and went to the foot of the mountain to pick up a few large, half-sized stones。

A few buckets of water were used to wash a few stones. It shows the true nature of the rock. Light blue texture, dents on the surface。

Chen Sun doesn't care, he picks up the wedge and it's a mess. These stones are nothing. The rock was the same as the rock, and it didn't fall off; the hammer was the same as the hammer, but the wedge was smashed。

Chen Zheng just thought it would be better if the stone was not carved, and it wouldn't be too good to break your hand。

Chen Zhu eventually chose to put stones on the door and pile them up。

Working at night is not an easy thing to do, and mosquito bites can occur at any time. And the moon shall be placed on a star, for weeding。

Chen Yu's hands and feet were fast, and in a few moments half an acre of land was turned over and the soil loosed. A few more pits and a few ditches will put an end to the night's work。

The crickets in the ground shouted loudly, and each time it seemed like the strongest sound in life。

Its companions heard, and began to greet, causing more “sweetings” and so on。

The moonlight was very bright, and the big window in the house was lighted, and the white light was usually filled with Chen's room。

Calm down, Chen's feeling bored, miserable and weak. I can't say anything. It's a bit sober to get warm water for a little cleaning。

Maybe sometimes Chen won't care about these issues. Like a few stars in the sky, a few over there and a few over here. Because Chen has always felt that there are so many stars in the sky that it has nothing to do with itself, and that there is no need to think about it。

But tonight, by the white moon teeth, a purple star. Chen looked at it as if he could see the clouds surrounding it while he was blinking at Chen。

"This star has a very special color."。

It's not just Chen who found out. A lot of people who like to watch stars find it in the gambling process。

The loud music and the noise of chaos are full of ears, just as the cup is replaced: "Big brother, look at the star, it's purple."

A man shot him on the shoulder and said, "How come the purple stars in the sky are you not drinking too much

The other man suddenly held out his tired eyelids and said, “We three brothers have been gambling for more than 10 years, and we haven't seen anything, but it's a strange smell, and the Purple Star is now in existence.”

Not only are these three brothers, but the bettsmen of centuries have never heard of purple stars。

Gambling stars, gambling stardust's running trajectory. Unlike most occupations, gamblers rely more on luck. That's why it's often said that you can be a gambler for the rest of your life, and you don't know how many years you've spent。

There must be a reason for the difference. That is not true。

The fact that the gamblers can't afford to delay, that they can't even begin to predict the trajectory of the star。

There is nothing to win. Only because of the Purple Star, no. Nobody expected it to disappear. "Why didn't I guess it would disappear? It doesn't make sense.”

"Do you think I lost it?" Take off the booze, as the young man says to his brother。

Big brother was also surprised to say, "What does that mean, brother? It could be something, or it could just happen by chance. We don't have to worry about those details."

People believe in the next life and seek good fortune. But what is the point of not being the next person

Chen was thinking about this, leaning against the wall and soon went to the feeling that he had not slept for a long time。

As if someone whispered in his ear, saying, "Mr. Chen, Mr. Chan, wake up!"

It seems that Chen Shuu suddenly has more memories, and perhaps he is indeed too obstinate to return. It's so comfortable, comfortable, peaceful。

Yeah, it's ridiculous and nothing to look back on all these years! It's like yesterday, it's like it doesn't exist。

And in fact, none of this really exists。

Chen opened his eyes and found himself standing at the gate of the mountain。

Look back。

He was not far behind a stone gate, which was as tall as three and 10 side by side. It's a white, translucent form, and it's a white, translucent form。

The words from the Stone Door to the left are “Trath Institute”. It's hard, it's sharp, it's nothing else. As if it were just a sign, that's all。

As for the pillar of the Stonegate, it was written on the right side, it was easy to read in black and white, and on the left side, it was written that it was difficult to pass through latitude。

It's over a hill. Look down, and look up, as if people were fighting against him, and as if he were looking at people, and there was no joy。

The trees are dark, the fruits are hanging on them, they are not harvested and they are not eroded by the insects。

It seemed as if the gates had not been cleaned for a long time, and were filled with dust, sitting on the stone steps, shiking their hands with a finger。

At the bottom of the foot, the ground is paved with green stones, and the pedals are as if they were something. Step on it, it's indestructible, it's hard to leave a trace. There was nothing out of the yellow earth around it, but the fog was blinded and about it was floating. Looks like a fair house

Mr. Chan, Mr. President, Mr. President, there are others calling for Chen to remain silent。

Chen's heart was like, "Where is this place, does anyone call me boss?"

As if I had forgotten something, Chen had forgotten something, at least it seemed. Whatever. It's not important。

Chen has not been so comfortable in a long time。

In the old days, it was both food and food. In the morning, the chickens had not been chocked, he had risen up and shipped the vegetables; at night, he had to make more money, and the dogs had gone home。

So to tell you the truth, he's been through a lot. A pleasant scene like today, ha ha, almost. If he had to say so, he was sick. Even that day, when thunder rained, he would come out to sell food, because it would be more expensive and time-consuming。

So in this case, whoever calls him will never wake up. Chen thought, "I don't care, I'm comfortable, I want to stay like this."

That's right. He fell asleep on that stone door. Maybe for other reasons. Maybe he doesn't know why。

Now he only remembers one time when beef stew was put in a lot of water, twice the amount of beef, but not for a while, and soon the water was gone. He couldn't figure out why he put so much water in it, it all disappeared in an instant, and he burned another pot of water and poured it in。

He knew that the beef would be better served with hot water, rather than cold water, which was not good for meat, as Zhang Sanha, next door, told Chen. Chen Hu has never eaten beef since, because it tastes so good that it cannot be eaten again。

The beef, the sweet, soft, juicy, sour. It must be delicious. It's been a long time. He's been cooking all night because he's selling food during the day。

So Chen Zheng ate his breakfast with no soup left, and he had nothing to cook all night。

After all, he couldn't afford to eat it with his little boy, right, and now he's thinking about his first beef stew in his head. Although this seems a little ludicrous, Chen said, "This time I have to cook another pot." Maley cut the onions, put some garlic, put some ginger, soy sauce, put some liquor, put some more cinnamon, eight horns, pepper, pepper, sauce, sugar, hairy tea. It's all in the head。

After all, he can easily find it in his own house. He's got the best vegetables, and the spices are natural. Even though he doesn't drink, how can he not use it after all。

He picked up some firewood. He picked up some pine leaves, because they only smoked and couldn't light them, so he didn't intend to use a lot of leaves. He just wanted to make it burn. When the fire was lit, he made a stew, and he fell asleep。

I don't know how long it's been since he woke up. But the meat was not pasted, and, on the contrary, it was as, even as it was in his memory, something he had never imagined。

And he's going to open the pot a lot, and he wants to see where the water is. It's been repeated, I don't know how many times, I repeat, but it's always the same。

Chen woke up after he made tens of thousands of beef stews at his home in the city. And he leaned on it as a pillar, and that was the last time it was written in plain and black, and it was difficult to pass through the sky。

Chen said, "Where's my beef? I've done so much, I haven't eaten anything."

No one's going to answer that question, and maybe it's going to be a mystery. Where's his beef? Is he really dreaming? No one knows。

"Mr. Chen, President Chan" seems like a lot of women are calling for Chen's name, and Chen's spirit is coming up, and he screams, who's calling me

Chen Shuu shouted again, "Someone is looking for me, where are you, where am I?"

Yes, Chen has not known where he is, where he is. He only remembers having a dream and wakes up here, and he does not know if it is a dream。

Mr. Chan's voice came in his ear, calling him, "It doesn't sound like one person's voice, but why can't I see it alone?"

He put his ears up and looked back and heard the sound from the stone door. I didn't hear her just now because she's on top of the mountain, echoing and ringing. Chen saw the white fog in the gate, and he felt that something had gone wrong。

No one can say if there are any monsters, and he can't say that he has a lot of guts, but Chen went in with the idea that he doesn't see ghosts in the day. That's right, Chen Zhu just walked in and moved into the stone door。

Suddenly, another time, what is this white fog? It's a prairie! That weed is taller than a man. What a rabbit, pig, it's everywhere。

Chen scratched his head, looked around, and was empty. He's moving forward, he's walking, he seems to want to exhaust the forest and find an exit。

When he looked back, he had no idea where he was coming from and had to move forward with his head。

If you don't leave, he won't know when you're going home。

At the moment when he faced a choice, he went straight ahead, with wood, branches and leaves. Nothing else. Chen has nothing to offer, nothing but green and blue, that's all。

Chen Yun has been on his way and has never stopped。

He didn't want to think about much, but simply wanted to find a flat sleep。

He doesn't want to look anymore。

"Let's just step out of the open ground, with the grass on it and be soft." Chen Sun thinks so。

Fresh weeds mix the smell of dirt, with dew, and become mattresses。

Lies on top, without feeling the softness of the straw mat, like being hypnotized, and then loses consciousness。

I don't know

There are many cities under the dark clouds of ink, and they roll up bricks from the wind. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa。

Turns out Chen is in a city。

As he expected, there was no one in the city and weeds were grown in the cracks of the earth's bricks. He went into a small yard, where about five or six people, a few acres。

The big red iron doors, which are a few feet tall, have been corroded by time, soaked and fell off the iron crumbs. Chen went on a long walk and entered a room with several complete dishes and a ground-breaking stove, which was supposed to be used as a kitchen。

There is no tendency for the house to collapse, and Chen is not worried about it. And he doesn't touch anything. Fear of taboo。

There were five casks in the middle of the rooms, which were empty and had enough water for three days。

Most people grow a tree in their homes, including this one. It's far above the outside wall. I can't say the name of a tree, but it's tall and thick。

The rest of the rooms were just stools, but they were stuffed with hay and did not know what that meant。

I feel like I don't know what I'm talking about and Chen hasn't set foot in the remaining rooms。

Immediately out of the yard, Chen went a little further, and the house and the city began to become nothing. It's only possible to see what it looks like。

Chen went straight out of the gate。

And there is no street, and all are date trees. As soon as the date was removed, Chen's hand was punctured and a drop of blood spilled over the ground。

The sting woke Chen up and he was still on the mat of dew. His fingertips do indeed exist。

Chen is not moving and continues to search for a way out in the grass。

When it was dark, half the moon's teeth rose on the side of the sky. Chen Hu has been walking in the direction of moonlight. The road is flat, and no effort can be spared to open up a path。

The complex things in the mind are thrown away, just moving forward with no purpose, as if the body was not one of itself, walking in big steps, easy。

Chen's heart is clear, or it's all gone。

I don't know how long it's gone, but the sun's changed. Chen was tired when he stopped and sat on the floor。

When Chen wakes up, he finds himself in the mountains, stretching over and covering the sky. Chen thought it was the night, but it was the thick leaves that prevented the sun from permeating。

Very quiet, no animal shadow. As if it were a land abandoned by men。

But the surroundings seemed clean and there was no additional dust floating。

It's a world of people。

He saw words on the slab, and the text here was not entirely man-made, but only text with a textual pattern。

So not all patterns are words, and Vince can't say what it is, and can only feel it with a direct look。

Many people have experienced, many, or even human beings, who feel that they are special, and they are sincere, and they are in such a state, although he has not experienced anything. It's like water. It's dripping! Everyone, heavy heart. We all knew what we wanted then, but now we're touching the stone and Chen forgets. The expression on the slab means “purely yourself”。

If everything can start over, the end is the same. Chen's more than just trying to be comfortable. It's like a stone or a failure. It's a very thought-provoking thing

It's just a stone。

Suddenly I woke up. Chen is still in his slab, turned over, squeaked. A little stingy。

Chen exclaimed. Turns out he's still alive, that's all. It sounds ridiculous, but it doesn't matter. No one cares。

However, there was a dilemma for him now, whether to do what he had experienced or in another way, and he did not seem to have much choice. She got up and put on a blue shirt. Push the window and put it on top. Look at the window and look at it, and look up, and there are still a few drops of rain on the roof, and the earth's thoughts seem not strong enough. Somehow his heart was so sleepy that he only remembered himself, he fell asleep, and the rest was unknown。

It's not damp, it's dry. There are dust that rises in the air and shines different light in the light. There is also half a cup of tea in the cup, which has gone from yellow to black, which is not too bad, and the second half of which tastes like nothing. The little yellow dog doesn't know where he is. What about the big yellow cat? I don't know if I'm going to sell or not, but I can't help thinking about it. Think about it. Forget it. What do you want? He's looking for it again, the old client, to sell him the land on the hill

Chan found it. It's on the road. It's damp. It's gray. But what has changed this time? He really wants to do something different. Like, sleep. He felt like he was still dreaming, and maybe sleeping again would wake up. But in fact, when he wakes up, it still is. The only difference is, it's dark。

He listens to the rain, and it's like the sound of it. Ignoringly staring at the rain, the mountains began to become unrealistic and blurred。

Chen has a little book that records the price of food for over a decade. That's the notebook that wakes up again。

Chen doesn't know why he's asleep again, but he's also sleepy lately. Maybe it's about more than a decade of work. After a long period of stress, he is no longer able to support his tired body。

At this point, apart from the fact that the body is still warm, the rest is like the dead。

It's too dark for the light to be lit and the light to be lost. Black makes life less fear。

How can you know that no light is born in heaven

Chen is free. Who are you

It doesn't matter. It's nothing. Where are we when we look back? Chen is not confused。

"I'm dreaming" is his answer, and it's the same answer for everyone。

The children fear darkness and the adults fear the light. We have suffered and struggled because of fear。

It's like walking through the heavens and the earth, turning the stars into the universe, coming out of civilization. Nothing is nothing. So, do you have it or not

Seeing some animals seem to be fighting each other. Don't say anything。

Chen is waiting for an opportunity to wake himself up. He doesn't believe he's useless. Someone must wake himself up。

Only the time of the soul, of course, without the physical attachment. And those who pass away from their bodies and enter the world of the fair. Throw the bag away, whatever。

Chen opened his eyes and wanted to find something, but it didn't help。

Wherever he was, he was Chen. Every day, he's Chen Shui。

They stretch out their limbs, otherwise their legs will be numb。

Stand up, slap the dust on your ass, shake your clothes. He's lonely because he's real。

Countless musical songs, like fountains, nourish the surrounding spirits and downstream lands。

Who doesn't want to be the lead, no matter what。

The good use of foreign goods is also an expression of its ability。

There's a lot of reasons to think of here. Why don't you go back to sleep? Close your eyes and lose consciousness without thinking. It's dawning again。

Chen Zheng is not hungry at all, and the irregular eating habits resulting from many years of groceries do not cause any problems in his stomach, even if he does not eat for a week。

It was true that Chen had lost his way because of his carelessness, he had not made any markings and could not even find his way. It is impossible to see things far away。

Walking along the only road, which seems to have been opened up by previous generations, has been abandoned for years. Some of the weeds have taken root in the middle of the road, and the twigs have spread to both sides of the road, so it turns out that it is not weeds, it is thorns or thorns。

Chen's internal tremors were better than reckless, otherwise there might be another hedgehog in the world。

Be careful to pull out the thorns, but Chen has been stung with a few little mouths. The clothes were also cut. It's small, so there's no blood coming out. It's just Chen's pain。

They say the wild flowers on the side of the road are not poignant, but the moment he sees a purple flower, he has a variety of practices in his mind: fried flowers, salted flowers, waffles. But let's not talk about pots, which do not even have wood to drill for fire, and are destined for Chen to continue to be disappointed。

The water is still, so the whole puddle is green, like rotting. But Chen didn't smell any strange smell, even the surface of the water spreads the ripples from time to time. "Not like a dead end," Chen thought。

Step out, step out。

It's a little chilly at this point because of the food and short sleeves. The water in the air infiltrated his bone marrow and Chen couldn't help but sneeze。

Many legends were created to help people build faith, set goals and struggle. It is clear that Chen has become a legend, a lost animal。

"When will it be?" Chen sighs. Yeah, when will it be

The star of the fight moved and Chen found some cabins by the road. Real buildings don't collapse, even through fire。

How can it be judged that these houses were clearly uninhabited for a long time without dust and spider webs? Because the copper nails on the threshold have rotted into ashes, blown away and choked Chen. "Cough, ow, it's all ash."

It's not a big house, it'll light up with two candles。

"The essence of science lies in truth." Chen thought of one of the words written in the book " General Principles of Science and Technology " . Knowledge is transmitted not for the purpose of debauchery, but for the basic requirements of survival. And that's what people really need to live for。

Because of the many ways, as much as the road, Chen can only sell food, you can only buy food. The end of science is the search. Knowledge can be inculcated, but the path has to be by itself。

"So why are we here? It's just a loop."

Life may have meaning, perhaps not。

Chen Zheng thought he'd end up in chaos like a king. In fact, Chen was dressed and found everything to be the same。

And the leaf of the grass is still that curve, and earthworms on the ground have just drilled out of the ground。

The breeze and the sunlight only make him feel a little uncomfortable and have no interest in doing anything, including sleeping。

It's like a fish in a pool, even if it knows it's its own home a million miles away。

It's good. It's very fresh. Chen started using his methods to consider the cabin。

In order to find a place for good, the monks will normally be asked to figure out the location, even if they are dead, and choose a good place to bury the coffin. It's not too bad。

Chen thought it was quiet, but that's what surprised him. Thinking of it here, Chen finds his neck cold。

I can't believe I'm back at the entrance. It's the way of the city, or the way of the tablet。

Chen Zhu is finally back。

Chen's not moving, it's probably an illusion. He strangled himself and found it really painful。

"It's supposed to be true, I'm really back." Chan's horrifying。

People look at Chen as if they're looking at a fool。

"Mom, how did this uncle get stupid?" A little doll dragged a middle-aged woman into her skirt and asked. Middle-aged women ran away with their dolls, even without the radish in the basket. "What else? Run! Another crazy one."

Chen Zheng felt wrong. Why say “also”? Are many people crazy lately

He went back to his own mess and found himself in good shape. He opened the door next door and asked about it。

"Oh, you're back, where you're going, and there's no more food. We're going to get fresh eggplants. I'm going to break my legs!" His Lordship is clearly dissatisfied with nothing。

Chen touched the bottom of the story。

He immediately dragged him into his house and watched the door shut four times, as if he had something to say。

Chen knows that when he sneaks around, he's a man who knows his past, who has been here for more than 30 years and who has grown up。

He's always great. He's so proud. If there's no big deal, he'll never be so careful。

He took a seat and said, “At the latest, about a few days ago, someone suddenly shouted at the gates of the city, saying something that nobody could understand, when people thought it was just a prank that didn't matter。

Their only common experience is that they have been missing for days, so that the madness is not contagious, and now they are going to scream every day, or else they will die, and after that, they will be normal。

Chen is aware of the fact that the top of the city must have known and was studying the methods of the attack. His good friend had this weird disease。

As a result, there were a number of grotesque stories, some saying that the city's master had been offended by the unattractive big man, which was nothing but revenge; some saying that it was an act of underground power to rule over them; and some saying that it was the tablet itself that had a problem, saying that it would make the city's master take off a brand that would drive people crazy。

There's no news from the main town。

Chen gave him a basket of eggplant and left。

No unprovoked illness. Chen Zhu firmly believes this。

Thinking of myself just screaming, "Oh, shit, aren't you sick?"

But it's okay。

The town was quickly organized in response to the incident, and no one was concerned。

What does it matter if someone else lives or dies? The streets are loud and loud: there are laughs and drinkers; dogs in their own yard are screaming hungry; and the cry for help is never heard. Without concern, and listening to those voices, the people of the city can sleep in peace, but they do not feel noisy。

The Roadway City was quickly organized and, as the whole city was suspended from the Bluestone, it could be used to divide areas and isolate them. The provoking separation wall would only isolate those who were different and there would be no barrier to normal people。

Chen was clearly different, but he did not feel the wall。

It's just a normal malfunction. A few areas of isolation were quickly formed, and those who shouted "crazy" were gathered together, without any trace, and he was not afraid of the border。

Chen doesn't know who he is and has no parents since he was a child。

"Hey, let's go over there!"

"Well, take someone and look. I have to do something." One responded, but only heard it, and none was seen. I'm sure he's an expert

All this was heard by Chen. He needs to get out of this place, which seems to be a threat to him。

He slipped home thinking about him. He packed up and went to the land outside the city。

Chen can't believe that it's a dream, it's too real to remember what he did at every moment。

He even wondered if he was alive。

Chen seems a little presumptuous, but not really。

It's not really useful to think about it, is it

Chen is thinking so much at this moment, and thinking so much. After all, Chen was ready to go out for a few days。

"Let's go outside. Maybe there's fresh air."

Thinking of it, Chen pushes the door open, follows the path of the door and goes out in twists and turns. It's a small road, but it's not so small as a city road. How else can we sell food again

That's all there is to it. After all, there have been a few talents here, so the talent is just that it's good and good。

It's all a sermon. This has been decreed by men, and it cannot be said that it is not justified: most of it is the truth of the heavens and the earth, and there is reason for it to be done against man's will, that is, to be done。

Searching for man's desire in the light of God and desire must be there, otherwise it is not a person。

In a moment, Chen Zheng had reached the roadblock, where he had found the front. The arraignment divides the whole town into distinct parts。

That's what people in town want. People outside want to come in. But that is impossible, because there are no people outside the city and everyone is in it now. As a result of the search for the city, an urgent convocation order was issued and all those outside the city were to return, otherwise they would never return。

“This must be to bring together people with serious illnesses”, Chen thought。

That's when a boss used to be. With crutches, the man looks common and coughs from time to time。

Chen Huan whispered, "This man is not sick."。

Even though his voice was incomprehensible, he heard it。

"Why is this little brother talking nonsense? I'm not sick. I'm just cold. I came out to get some medicine. Zhang's medicine is a good almond. Will it cure you?"

"But Doctor Zhang is sick, and any doctor Zhang is sick."。

But the old man didn't seem to believe anything about Chen. Chen pointed his finger and found out that on the other side of the line there was a man who was dying. Doctor Zhang's business is usually well-established, so life is easy。

And now, it's not as if it's better to look down on you。

It is not a way to break up by force。

After all, no one knows what will happen without medical attention. But now they're out of their mind, and there's nothing else that happens, like death, and nobody。

This has given rise to speculation in the city that there must be a plague, but how is that possible

The monastery itself is different from the human body, and the essence of the plague is an unpurified energy, or a spirit that cannot be called a spirit, which should be called an alien。

Why is it called a sedition? And if it were for you, whoever it is, neither the right way nor the wrong-minded will be able to use it。

The abbey has also been explored。

The scholars of the Roading City had lamented the fact that they had brought together 3925 people for three years, without any effective results. They can only say that such aerobics can be treated in a traditional herbal way, or in a way commonly used by a ranger. Both can do that。

But. What is the source of this evil spirit and how it spreads? It is unknown。

And today they seem to have discovered the source of this evil。

How did you get the message out of the city? It is also evident that through the abdomen a spirit is of the same spirituality and unique, and if it is divided into different parts, then if a part of the aura changes, the rest, however far away, can change without delay at the same time。

With this in mind, a form of communication has been invented, taking advantage of this nature of the Stone. This spirit spreads so that it is often stamped in the seal, so that the seal represents an identity that does not require other forms of identification. Chen has received information at this point。

Search City Emergency Notices: The presence of different pedagogues in the city of Japan has been duly arranged. However, the source remains unknown, passing through and seeking access outside the city. Five miles north-east highlighted a building in which the Institute of Books and Roads was established. It is difficult for a person who has been checked to be allowed to enjoy or be brought with him. Business is so。

There is little, but simple. Five miles out of town, you say no one dares to go, but if you can't get this announcement, someone wants to go out of town。

Are people from the city coming out too? It's strange that Chen has never seen anyone in the city running through the outer floor

So-called justice and fairness. How do we divide it? Really dead, and Chen is ready to go out。

We can't go out, we can't go out, we don't have any leftovers, but that's what we're looking at, or he won't come out。

Chen Zhu passed the old man. I didn't expect the old man to come out with a crutch, and the beating of Chen's head was a big one, and now he's just a road man。

"Oh, my God, that's the last two words Chen said before he was knocked out。

Many flowers are very nice, even if they are toxic to people. Why is that

Maybe everyone is a flower. Maybe everyone is a grass, maybe everyone is a tree or a star in the sky, everyone is a drop of water in the sea, everyone is a sandstone in the sea or nothing at all。

It is difficult, but it is. It's always the same in a place。

The world is troubled. But I can't see through it. It's impossible to say anything. Not everyone deserves to go. This is not our responsibility。

Even if Chen wanted to change something, he couldn't. How could he be in a position to change his life because neither external power nor his own abilities have changed

But after all, after 20 years of searching for what he's been looking for, he finally knows what he's looking for, he's looking for his childhood。

It's funny, but there's grief behind the laugh。

Yes, Chen is looking for a childhood at the age he should have been。

It was hard for Chen to keep the tablets in the Dean's tablet for a day or to break open the uninhabited window of the back wall. As long as he wants to do it, even the heaven will do it by his own means。

Life takes decades to find the time that it should take, but the lack of a minimum of resources to satisfy itself leads to the undiscovered and old。

Again, she's not gonna hurt, she's not gonna be gentle, she's just being hard on you. Chen Zheng has no one to talk to, and it's natural to live in isolation to feel lonely。

Chen Hu's wrists bore a few less visible traces and did not know what had led to this. I can see it with a big look, and a few of them stick together like palms. But nobody ever asked him about it. Who lets Chen be a food salesman, or does anyone think it's something a young man can't think of at any time, and wants to talk about it and feel embarrassed about Chen's pain。

These wounds are not always in the way, and Chen has always been a neglectful attitude. But these days, as if the wound had re-established, as the old client had said, it would not leave a scar until it had naturally fallen, although the process of separation might be a little itchy, but it should also be held up and should not be torn off by hand。

"Are these mouths going to grow again?"

Chen thinks his skin will be fresh。

Once upon a time, these mouths became their own dog plaster, stuck to themselves. It's like the flowers of the twilight re-emergence. Although Chen is a man, the heart of beauty is all. How can the difference between a man and a woman be destroyed? I think I'm about to change my face, and I can't help but laugh。

But it doesn't matter whether you see your body or not. And no one cares about this little thing that's smaller than sesame. In fact, if he is not itching today, he will not notice any of these scars on his wrist. Day-to-day food is sold, though not in the wind and rain, but on time. The wounds have long been numerous, but they leave no scars. The pain of the past tells Chen to do it. It hurts。

I walk by the river all the time. It's not something you can avoid without going to the river or wearing shoes. Some of the past determine the future. And now Chen is like wet shoes。

He was tied up by a group before he could make it. The feeling of being tied can only be said to be suffocated and devoid of any desire. I don't know who found the gauze that blocked Chen's mouth。

"Well, it's not a rag."

That is the last thing Chen wants to say, and when he's done, he's unconscious。

"What are we doing with this guy? He's only a grocier. He doesn't usually go out. He's delivered directly to them."

A clean woman turned around and said, "He's been going somewhere lately."

The man countered, “I asked the shop around him and said that he had never seen him leave their sight since he sold the potato stand that day. The watchman said he never went out at night. Where did he go? Where could he go?"

The woman covered her face with a veil, and her voice was clear, and she said, "He went in his dreams."

Women don't say much, but the meaning is clear, Chen has gone and dreams。

He didn't answer anything. He only listened to this little girl. Nothing else。

More than a dozen people in one line, walking fast, and the body weight of the manning cannot affect their speed of movement in half, as has been done in the past. But what does this woman do? Did you see Chen? There is no way that a man who sells food is not cheap, but he is not handsome at all. He is a member of the city's people. As for what is outside, he has nothing to lose, and certainly more than that. For what purpose

There is no direction for mankind. The woman says to the right, to the right, to the left, to the left, and to the back。

The two of you who are carrying Chen Su are wondering if there's a way out of this

The idea spreads, like rain in the sky, water by the river, walking, no one will be clean。

A woman who had seen through the heart of a few people, was still silent。

The sun was still in the east when Chen Zhu passed out. And now the moon is in the east。

How many people are beating the drums? However, it is true that the woman, Kau, did not lose several brothers, paid even more than the sum she had saved in the first half of her life, and requested very simply to arrest one person and then to take her place。

At first, he thought that he was going to arrest a big man, that he was very dangerous, that he had written a suicide note, that he was a student and that he realized that the employer's path would never be a good one, that he would be a real brother in his next life. And as for the reward, it is also written in the will for the orphanage, where they will come forth。

But now, it must be the stubbornness of one of the clans. I've seen this before. A few days ago, they were beaten by a lot of people. So this time in the face of the bounty, the brothers can't say anything, and this self-proclaimed “A nine” lets them go wherever they want。

The rich can push the ghosts. Yes, the ancients do not deceive me。

Just as the men who have just spoken regard it as a roadway, they find that the scene is somewhat different. If you want to turn around, you've never been there, either in the innermost city's crest or in Chen's outer gate. So the question is, where is this

For half a day, he realized that what he saw was even more unique, and that, as everyone knows, the bricks on the way to the city were green and the bricks could be corrupted to the soil to supply the materials. The city is so monotonous, except for green and yellow. It's an impression to stay in a man's head。

It's as if the willows were scattered in the air, as grey, as fog on the ground, and looking down on the feet, not bricks, but something gray, and it's hard for the big man to step down。

"I'm almost there."

Jiu interrupted his thinking。

Think again, you just thought of something, like a brick. Oh, by the way, once the big guy hits his head, he keeps thinking。

It is as if he heard the sound of the sea, loud and irregular, but loud, that is all。

The roads are becoming narrower and the people around them are becoming scarce. There's only one of them left. Nobody cares why they tied a man up. It's none of their business. I'm a student. I'll write a few articles. As for the so-called pedagogy, it was peaceful, unchallenged and quiet, and watched them walk away. It is then determined that the next time there will be a determined fight against this kidnapping, and at the same time a pen will be drawn up to begin protesting against this shameful act of endangering the safety of others。

Instead, his neighborhoods saw him being taken away and immediately went to the other side of the courtyard to find someone to save him。

How many of the men on the patrol were surprised, and someone like that would kidnap him? I thought some old ladies were joking。

“Will you please leave us alone? We have a lot of work to do, and more and more patients are coming.”

The chief of the potato that happened to be buying him passed by and saw some old men arguing with the patrol and making a scene。

He speaks, I say. It's a mess, but he can hear it。

His identity was extraordinary, and he directly asked several of his patrols to pursue him。

It's not like we didn't catch up。

“Before that, stop, there's a man who robs a man who sells food

"Stop it!" Seeing they're not moving, the captain had another drink。

Only one woman was heard to throw a brand. The captain didn't say anything when he saw it。

This is where the patrol returns。

"Captain, what happened?"

They're too low. But it's not good not to say, it's bad not to take discipline。

"She's a big man's follower."。

Well, that's a clever answer to the captain's mind, as to who's the big guy, so let's have a guess。

On the other side, the big man was surprised that the patrol would not dare to cause trouble, not to say no, but to beat the others they sent again. Not only can they fight, but I've never heard of anyone. And nobody gets away. Today, however, the girl was a little weird, and the patrol commander picked up the sign from the ground and wiped it back with her own clothes。

Strange years, especially today。

There's only one person left on the narrow road, and the women lead the way, and they follow. And on both sides of the road is grey, but it is not, but an illusion of flowering. But nobody saw it. It's not an illusion. It's a flower by the road. As to what the flowers are going to last up to two, it is estimated that only the flowerers know。

People don't know where to drag Chen to。

But it is not without the slogan of the Hunsei who say that a sword has been sharpened for 10 years, that there is still a man tied to him now。

Shaked his head as if he remembered something: "When he passed by the intersection, this young man was carrying an unopened sword, with a rusty iron sword coming out and saying, "Put down!" In broad daylight, you dare to do such a thing. Chen Zheng remembers being such a fool..."

The cotton cloth from Chen's outlet said, "Well, brother fool, are you all right?"

The young man said nothing。

Chen wonders if shock and panic make a man mute? Or did this group poison this young man and make him dumb

The teenager seemed to see through his thoughts. "Don't look at me like that in your eyes."

The boy is not a fool, but he's a fool. However, although Chen was not trying to kill him, juveniles might die because of themselves. It doesn't seem moral for a dead man to live in poverty. After all, the Queen who sells food is always talking to herself about people who aren't old and learn like the ancients. But is there a difference between ancient hearts and those of the present? Not necessarily。

"What's your name?" Chan asked

"Can't say"

Chen thought that a fool wouldn't reveal his name because of any identity, so it's too strange, "Let me guess, you're a dog!"

Teeny looks the same. It's like you're a dog. Your whole family is a dog

"Well, two eggs?"

"Roll"

"Two girls?"

Teenage completely overwhelmed。

In order to stop Chen from continuing with his nonsense, the youngster was reluctant to squeeze a few words out of his teeth: "Ha ha, my name is Ha ha."

It's a code name, even less meaningful for ordinary people. Names are not per se sacred, but are meaningful because of the existence of human beings。

But no matter how many excuses Chen finds, he wants to laugh. Ha ha ha. It doesn't seem like a name。

"To feed?"

"Go away, no, no, don't talk nonsense!"

“It is also said that it is necessary for parents who have not read a book to pay for their names to be named by a man who can read and write, and to find a fortune-teller to replace them.”

Young people don't want to say much. It's like, "You're right, but you're not still with me."

The young people seemed to have forgotten something, and the men were not the two of them。

This is very embarrassing。

"Ha ha ha ha?" It's like Chen's voice, "Aah!"

Ha-ha wants to hit. I'm used to being called that. But now it doesn't seem like much. The two of them have never appeared since they were arrested yesterday。

Look at the place where they're being held. It's so spacious, it doesn't look like a cell. In fact, there was no intention to tie them up, except that Haha had died and shouted, “You ugly woman who dares not lift the veil and take him as a groom, why don't you put him down and get rid of her?”。

This could be an old birthday boy hanging himself。

But he's hungry, and he says, "Is this ugly woman going to starve us to death? No, every year I read a book about a food eater who eats ecos, isn't it? Thinking about it, Haha turned his head and wanted to see himself and Chen who was stronger. This time you're going to get yourself killed. Chen Zheng did not exercise with care, but it was also manual work to sell food and carry it. And I'm tired of talking. How do you compare to Chen

To think of this place, ha-ha lamented, from which the sadness has been felt for a half-life because the name of this son of a bitch has been disgraced for decades, but it cannot be changed against the will of his parents. Why have you not met someone who truly understands himself

Chen's face is inexplicable. Why is he suddenly depressed? It's like you're a fool. You really don't understand the world。

It's just a simple name. There's not much to be known for, but it's complicated by people's replay。

Chen has no fear of being killed by criminals. The criminal does not seem to be a professional and dares to rob himself in broad daylight, without being afraid to show up. It's really funny。
