# Section 19.4 My story with FreeBSD

One of my stories with FreeBSD

Remember those boring days, when a group of netizens called Linux only play WPS, and I questioned it and searched Ubuntu Kylin, a Ubuntu Kylin project led by Hunan's National Defense Science and Technology University, in partnership with the Ubuntu community.

When it comes to neptunium, it's a Chinese character like a dragon, but I deeply regret being turned into a capital game. I used to download the diskettes at 100 degrees in accordance with the way I wrote them in the forum, so my family bought a 4G, USB 2.0, Kingston Disk. Very slowly.

The notebook I'm using is G400, i3-3110M, 4G RAM, 500G mechanical hard drive, and the graphic card is a flash card HD 4000+AMD 8570M. I quickly entered the installation interface, and unfortunately my Wi-Fi card is an open BCM43142. But fortunately, Ubuntu had a lot of special drive in it, so I was able to get out of the cheap wire around the furlines. I've only had a ghost installation of Windows before, and I haven't had access to any other operating systems.

Ubuntu Kylin, I'm not surprised, I'm just feeling a little anti-human, and the window parts are against Windows, on the left, not on the right. Unity is very resource-intensive, and I've been configured regularly to Cardon, and I've started to install other software, and I've proven one thing, Linux is more than a WPS. And then I thought it was necessary to study in depth, and that was my desire for freedom, and I'd be willing to study any machine that could hack, Android Root, Kindle, the Anzor, Apple Breakout, the machine to decipher. I feel that this may also be a desire for control, but it's not, actually, I'm not the root death squad, maybe the chorome and the Ubuntu desktops suppress me.

I don't have a game why I can't run on Linux because I don't prefer any games. Maybe this configuration can't run any game worth playing.

I've been working on Linux in all its aspects, but there's a lack of research on servers, I'm only theoretical, I'm not practical and I've suffered a lot. I've only seen Brother Bird's Linux server pages these days and I've learned all these years. I had to lament and be advised to eat. Because I only learned the first basic part, and I can't believe it's the only one that can read, went to the largest book wholesale market in the country, looked for The C Plan and its answers, but unfortunately, not. After all these years, I've taken five NCRE exams, none of which passed. So I started thinking about something. Ubuntu Kylin was very unstable, so I started loading the original version of Ubuntu, and then I discovered that kylin, Ubuntu did. Almost all distributions were later loaded and used for some time.

I am extremely sick of the arrogance and arrogance of some members of the community, so I rarely speak. One of the things I don't understand so far is why you're using the bad CentOS instead of Scientific Linux, both of which are re-constructed editions of RHEL code. The latter is far better than CentOS, even with RHEL, which is more of a developer's level, more of a research institute or university. Is that what you call blind? You've been learning Linux for one purpose, and you've always wanted to learn about kernel-source profiling, make up more theoretical things like this, or for a red hat. As can be seen, whenever the university starts, the new semester, the paste is filled with new people and interesting questions. And some of the so-called bosses just keep saying it.

I've been using a cartoon card that bothers me a lot of things, so I'm going to have to yell "Stupid Combination" everywhere, and it's a lot of trouble to compile and install, and there's a lot of code to change, to search for manuals. And it's easy to look back at Intel, and it's a direct exemption. Then I found a connection to G400, or a laptop with something called a white list, and I didn't want to take the risk of brushing the BIOS, because I switched with someone else, and the computer had the same model as the Intel card.

So now I'm mad at the charades that I see, too, and I don't know what to put in the open source. "Stupid Combination" x3.

# My story with FreeBSD two #

The ugly faces of those people make me laugh, and I am further away from so-called communities and forums. The television show " The Outland of the Martial Arts " speaks for itself: there are people everywhere, and they never go far, never change. Conflicts in communities are rarely at the technical level, and wise people, as they say, rarely express their opinions, but only in silence, and even more so in so-called skill groups. People with skills are in the group? There's a group of friends who say that they don't want to talk to you about technology, that you don't have the skills to talk to people who talk about technology.

The statement that technology needs to be transformed into productivity in order to be able to represent its value is a complete manifestation of the utilitarian character of these people. I was told to study a system, to learn a programming language rather than a daily assembly system. I very much disagree with that idea, which is the source of their silence. What's the system's productivity? There has been no change in my attitude, no, no, it is just a philosophy of suffering, torturing myself, to let it go, to set a circle for myself with so-called free openness, like a paperman in a two-dimensional world, and never to jump out.

For me personally, only two things are required for the system to meet, stability and renewal. Most of the operating systems don't meet my requirements, and just one thing that stabilizes is that Ubuntu and its derivatives are brushed down with the exception of Mint Linux, and for a new one, Archlinux will collapse in three days with me. I finally chose Gentoo Linux. I think it's a natural choice, and any person who really likes it will go from Ubuntu to RHEL and then go through something else, and end up in Gentoo, where a lot of people use Linux, and they just have no problem with it, and they think it's childish, but who's childish?

It is no mistake to see the Linux basic course in the Experimental Building, which describes "FreeBSD" as a release of Linux, and I contacted them, saying that I would seriously criticize the teacher who produced the curriculum and that I was also a fan of FreeBSD, which is a common sense problem, so I doubt the quality of the course and have never used it again.

And when I talk about programming, I'm only going to be C and JAVA, and that means "Hello, the world!" This code. I hate VC++6.0, maybe not Microsoft's mistakes, the education system's problems, more people's problems, and all sorts of ridiculous a++++++a topics, the wrong son. I choose to give up if I can't get the truth. The classic marble series of the Mechanical Industry Press has no problem, but it has little meaning. In practice, no one uses the principles and algorithms to describe these things. The bottom programmer is to carry, not create or research. It's hard to figure that out.

I wanted to create a student community, but I couldn't. One is nobody, the other is no money. How can schools that do not go online meet the conditions for the existence of associations? And what you can't do naturally doesn't mean much to the south-west-west. Many of these attempts have failed, and this is normal, but only to say that the matter has not reached this stage, or that the circumstances chosen do not match, which is clearly my failure. Together, I think, hard. Maybe not at all. I don't have any support.

Much of the complexity and difficulty of my life is that I know this very well, so there is no excuse at all, which is useless, nor is the myth about how to find a way to succeed. Before that, I just wanted to find someone who could speak, just like the thought expressed in Liu Jinyun's book " 10,000 Words Up " , and it was very lucky to have someone who spoke. And I'm more like that old missionary in there, passing my torch in a regular college. But unfortunately, no one can speak.

FreeBSD today, in addition to today's situation, the basis of the community has an important impact, and I said before, who is your target population and why translate Handbook if it is a foreigner or a programmer? It doesn't make sense that you don't have to go on. But obviously that's not what I think, and that's why today we've got the FreeBSD. People are starting to do kernels, and people are not going to do systems, even though FreeBSD is going to do something next. And I don't care about the cores, not the developers. I don't care about anything.

I couldn't even install FreeBSD for the first, second and third time. Because I'm using G400, UEFI, which I can't install at all, but it's not about being visible, and so far I've just hung up a bug report, and no answer. So I lost my first contact with FreeBSD and fell into Linux's abyss.

# My story with FreeBSD #

In conjunction with G400, I bought the notebook under the U.S. electronics line. I didn't know anything, I bought it, I couldn't, and everyone knew that, as long as it wasn't that special swindler, the goods basically conformed to the basic economic law of value-fixing prices. So you lose your freedom of choice without money. I still do not have that freedom, and even the world as a whole does not have many free people. So I'm still suffering from the 4G memory. I think, and I do, a lot; but the more I fail, the more I think, the more I think, the more I think it is precious.

The CMOS associated with G400 is problematic, and loading UEFI on a version of Kali could cause damage to the main plate. The proposed BIOS update is only available online for United States officials, while Taiwan, Hong Kong, is reticking. It seems to have solved the problem, but it took me almost a few months.

Linking up Linpus Linux for the computer, my G400 was first given to Ghost by the U.S. Electrician. I'd like to take the opportunity to recover because I saw that the software was under maintenance for a year. A long time later, I was called to say the computer was fixed, but I couldn't recover Linux, and they didn't know what it was. I e-mailed to Linpus, but they never responded. I didn't think of it until six months later, and I sent another e-mail. This time, one of my questions seems to have been answered by the guest, such as the system's stability (based on Fedora, I had to question), how the help icon on the desktop was removed, etc. But I still didn't answer, how to restore the preset system. Until a year later, I took these emails from the QQ-Q Mailbox and contacted them again, according to the Peach Flower Note, “the one who was left without a question”.

Then I learned from some so-called big man's only words what the United States was thinking, and now I've totally hacked Lenovo. But on the whole, it's poverty that's killing me. 4G RAM can't even open PS, let alone say anything.

Many people think I'm lucky. At least there's a computerBut it is more misunderstanding and absurd. I thought of a joke, a company hiring, "IMac for all apple development engineers" in employee welfare, and I thought, "What does apples do without apples?" Windows? Is it a black apple? It's obvious there are pits in this kind of company. People who don't need computers to learn about computers have holes in their brains. That kind of thing is better than reasoning here.

I'm thinking of a simple question, not where my time is, but where was my childhood? Or more deeply, where is my youth? It seems that the tests, the mock tests and, perhaps, the remedial sessions were never right, but our struggle was useless. Its system determines everything and is difficult to move. Those who are sacrificed become so-called social screws, smashed into it by a hammer of the environment, looking at everyone as a nail, and hammered him as long as he was different from himself. And what about the real people? I'm afraid I'm really a victim.

I have never felt alone, though I have always been alone, and the great spirit is the driving force behind me. I had a very serious mental illness, and the doctor gave me more than 500 pills, but I didn't end up at the pharmacy with a prescription note. Many, inclusive societies are what I want, but, unfortunately, we do not have any outside support for me. At this point I feel not alone, nor despair, but joy. Because despair is at its peak, it is at its height.

Maybe it was the quest for freedom that made me leave Linux and go to BSD. Linux brought me a lot of the philosophy of suffering, not some kind of internal nuclear technology analysis, protocol experiments, service installation, red hats, HHCA. Man is never a tool, never a screw, not a man. The spirit of human existence is all about human values, and if self-identify itself as having instrumental attributes, it is the same as those who: Illustrative, heavy work and socialization fill their schedules, reject any thought, say they are busy, do not disturb him, and laugh at those who have ideas to advise them not to think too much, to do more, to talk. People are not tools. The tool properties of the operating system are born, so is OS a tool?

What kind of technology are we talking about? There's lots of black bricks in the mechanical industry press. What's technology? Show off or what? I don't understand. As for learning? I'm afraid not yet. The translation of the manual is expected to be completed. It is neither humanitarian nor realistic for me to use everyone as a tool, as a duck to indoctrinate, and never to ask others to be like you.

# My story with FreeBSD #

FreeBSD is 29 years old (2022). But graphics are still poor, as is the open source world. According to software engineering, there is a lack of user needs analysis. Like some people say, you write code every day, whatever it is. Guided by this idea, more garbage and unfriendly software have been created, some of them wheeled. The upper theory is almost independent of the bottom, and if you can see the reflection of the compilation from the C pointers and arrays, it's not there today. So I don't think kernel analysis helps us with FreeBSD, if I'm not the developer. After all, it is now a market economy, and any measure of value is price. And you see people as tools, if the boss keeps you, to a large extent because you're the least cost of all his options.

Now that some people are populist, I have always said that the People's Post and Telecommunications Press has delayed the development of computer enterprise on the continent. It's well known that Linux is the book-bird's Linux private dish. The book was supposed to be out four years ago, and it's been pushed to the present. But I'm sorry to get the new edition, the fourth edition. The cover of the book says "On the basis of Linux 7.x," and I can't help but doubt its quality. The Linux version number is not six, so it's seven? The interpreter stated that he had returned to the factory to reprint it, and did not see any regret that he could collect it as a miscopy. Some people say that Brother Bird's political position is problematic and that there is no evidence.

There's a problem with self-learning, because you think you can, but you don't. Or not in line with the so-called mainstream education test. A lot of people put things in the natural sciences in social sciences, similar reasoning, which is also one of the places I hate most. Many populists do. Many have put too much emphasis on personal mobility and on a completely non-intensifying environment, which is also a manifestation of populism and the belief that the human race represents the truth. If you don't think so, you're wearing a hat. It is entirely capitalists who are sarcastic about why a beggar is not eating meat when he is hungry.

I don't know what the problem is, and I'm not thinking about saving. It's not numbing, it's helpless. There is nothing to judge.

Back on the Internet, I don't know what to do with it, but I'm looking more at it and being a wise man (see story III). I have suffered many injuries, and I've installed operating systems and some troubleshooting on the Internet for free. But I actually didn't get anything, and nobody thought that simple things meant anything to academic research. I was only wasting my time, and the wise ones ignored me when I was useless. As if I was a tool. Too many of these things happen, not just for a few, and I comfort myself, and I know the story and I can face his thoughts. The purpose was not to get anything, but why ignore it? As I said before, it's always free. One thing has to pay for its value, even if it's only a penny, so I understand why some commodities have to pay for a trial. These are not available in domestic economics textbooks. In short, the value of FreeBSD is that it failed because of a lack of commercialization like Linux, and I am also a “wise man” who dives in the crowd and never gives his opinion.

There are too many wise people, and the organization is dead. And it's easier -- "I'm busy, I'm at work, I'm busy." As if he was a bit more busy than President Trump. To be honest, we can't agree. I've seen a lot of these people in Linux, and they say he's a big guy, but there's nothing for the group but a famous name, and there's no such thing as an indirect use for the group. People simply know who's the boss in the group, then? You expect them to answer questions? I think it's mostly "kick." Yeah, how can you solve such a simple problem when you're so busy? More sarcasm. So my theory is that the big guy is useless, the little white guy is useless, which is a terrible result. It may eventually be more like a college community, understood, but not particularly.

I've been with four “lovers” related organizations. Two networks, two realities. So I am completely disillusioned. The team leader told me to start the forum and I'm going to write. In the end, there was a problem, a group of people playing every day, how could they expect to contribute to the team, which was best dissolved if it did not wish to sacrifice some. Institutional norms, guided by philosophy, funding and market demand are clearly human problems. The Chinese education system makes it impossible for me to find one person to meet my needs. Yes, there is none in China. Education is the best way to make a people die. I couldn't find anyone with a dream of a team, not an electronic race.

The more people in the group, the closer the social average. You know, bean petals, "B" standing is self-defeating its user culture and core values. It's for the flow. Or look at Acfun and Ofo. This is the sad of the times, not just my own. My grief doesn't make anyone feel anything, and the next second the reader clicks the x on the side of the screen and then goes and does what it does, and it's natural to forget. And what you've forgotten is the pain of someone else's depression. And one day you'll be forgotten. But it's nothing.

So when I learned that the piano was in Wuhan, I went. It's hard to see a high-altitude symphony, but it's just what's the first grade, and it's about money. What an insult to this place. It's better to keep Tabuchi's peach blossoms in academic papers and textbooks forever. I have no best friend.

In fact, it is people, not others, that the President of the National University of Qinghua, Memuki, said, “The university is big, not the building, but the master”. This is in conflict with what I have just said, and it is not scientifically possible to add a degree of confidence to the evidence by quoting the famous man, which I use only as my quote. I'd say there's no need for a big guy, but for a real big guy, not a smart guy. Otherwise, even if you're gathering more people, it's not going to work. According to management theory, there is an informal organization in the organization, which is the so-called “circle”. This is also a class-based approach. I don't agree. But its existence cannot be denied. FreeBSD, Jobs and Dennis Ritchie died almost the same week for people who couldn't even eat, but all I saw was Jobs, and someone wrote the very high-priced Jobs. It's no big deal, it's different. I just think he deserves it, too. We owe him a biography. If you don't know who he is now, click "X" at the corner of the screen.

A lot of people say Linux is free of the virus and that there are two systems that Windows is infected. But that is not the case in practice, except that the benefits are not substantial. When you find out that the system is abnormal, it's become the culture of the virus. I see today that the future of the Linux platform will never be less than Windows, even MacOS. There is no absolutely safe operating system. OpenBSD is exposed to the back door, people are unreliable, and it's a ridiculous idea to try to replace machines with manpower to improve computer security. The lack of cyber-security awareness is also a theoretical argument for the existence of large data analysis for domestic German-minority enterprises. You can collect all kinds of data, but the users don't care. A drug even claims that users are willing to sacrifice their privacy for convenience. It is “toxic” and painful.

# My story with FreeBSD #

A long time later, I posted on FreeBSD questions about the G400 screen, and three or four more people responded. But it didn't work, so did FreeBSD official forums.

It was supposed to be 10.3, I remember. 10.3 Not yet published. At the test stage. I thought it was a driving problem, and it was a waste of time to get no useful information, because it was all available.

Chinese users' Internet circles, you copy me, I copy you, it's no big deal, but once a S.B. changes, it's all different. That's what happens at the CSDN. For example, my.ini file for MySQL database 5.7 on Windows, the data directory is specified by itself and the installed path does not have a data directory. Some of the retarded lessons will tell you to build it manually, but it'll show you that the data exists and cannot be initialized. That's funny. A says, "Data catalogue" doesn't matter, B says, "New." If someone believes B's bullshit and doesn't read the wrong output, he's gonna waste more time. Of course, it's a waste of time to load it on Windows. For my years of experience in Linux, such a SB curriculum is not limited. I even feel like I can write an article tomorrow about how to identify its credibility。FreeBSD has a relatively small curriculum, most of which is empty, or may be the result of a base figure problem, with too few users. Most of it was found with all kinds of poison, what systems were installed, and still using pkg_add, a 10-year-old order. Deeper is the configuration of this stuff.

The cloud server that provided FreeBSD mirrors was not much of a world-wide provider, and the FreeBSD of Aliyun was 10.1, pkg that was not working at all, saying Bug, upgraded to 10.3, and then looked at the garbage classes, according to a drug search. But hint me that pkg has a .so file not found. I can't find any information through drugs. Only reload the system, do nothing, and run the freebsd-update command directly. What pkg-static commands can adjust the soft link now? I haven't tried either. I feel so sad that using poison is a waste of my life. The rest has no choice. This is no less than a chronic suicide.

FreeBSD couldn't make G400 work, and I started installing virtual machines. FreeBSD was first met on a virtual machine. The installation interface is similar to Debian, which is the old blue-bottom style. FreeBSD installation is extremely simple, and all next steps are fine. I can't even get an XP, and if you can't write in the disk, I don't know how to put him in it, but there's no need for research. I never use XP and Win7.

There's nothing to say when it's loaded, it's like there's no grub to switch to the operating system, affecting the future installation of the physics machine. tty, that's it, black and white. Just pkg start what gnome. The speed is very slow (If someone can contact FreeBSD official, please tell Middle Science to provide a mirror image, as detailed in the “Simmon Station” sent by history), it can never exceed 20kib/s, and it can't hang up for him to download, and it'll take time out ... I can only stare at him for over 500 bags. I found a thing here, whatever the device, whatever the operating system, whatever the software, if you keep an eye on him, it's fast, it won't break, you leave without looking at him, it's slow, it'll break. It's not supposed to be people's will, but it's a little like the cat of Scharden. I wonder if anyone's ever had that experience? I don't think it has anything to do with the backstage service, and I control the variables.

Honestly, I don't think Linux and FreeBSD are any different. If you have a bash, then shell scripts are pretty much the same.

What I couldn't figure out was that there was no free order and no lls pci order. It is logical that the command is either built into the bash, or an abbreviation variable, or which package provides it. Is pci of pciutils This package is not more convenient to read device information than dmesg? Isn't that the philosophy of suffering that tortures yourself? I am extremely opposed. Similar packages are also available for usbutils (ls usb commands).

Free commands make me all the more confused because I can't personally find out what type of order he belongs to, and then post them and inform them that the order belongs to a package: Procps (https://gitlab.com/procps-ng/procps) which authorizes GPL v2. Free command reads procfs information, but FreeBSD has long abandoned this pseudo-file system, so it is assumed that free cannot be used. I will follow up on this later. Because FreeBSD's original vmstat is too difficult. Far from free intuitive.

The philosophy of suffering is firmly rejected.

# Six of my story with FreeBSD # # I've been in open-source communities all these years #

Six elements of the novel: time, place, person. Cause, history, outcome. Among them, “persons” are at the heart of novels. There are no characters, everything is empty, and the animals in the animal novels are character. Speaking of FreeBSD and me, I have to talk about what I've seen in open-source communities for seven or eight years. The so-called open-source community is a broad concept, not just a community, a forum, an association, a paste, or a variety of QQs, TTs, microblogging groups.

It had been said earlier that small circles were good, but the harm was also clear, that outsiders were barely integrated and lacked inclusiveness and openness. The hardest part of it for me is the TG group represented by the USTC Association, Gentoo.

The USTC Association placed the clique link on the TXT record with a domain name, which is not so hard to find, but it came out by looking for a web page. Their group names are combined with their twenty-four aura, similar to "USTC Valley Rain." That reminds me of Chinese medicine. Feels like he's selling hardballs. And the first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to ask, "Who's using FreeBSD?" At this point, there were a few “ghosts” who said, “What's the matter directly”, and one of the developers of the open source input method said, “He's rude, so don't answer him”, “Don't listen to these questions” and made it seem like I was scolding, and I simply asked if anyone was scolding someone with FreeBSD, and I was going to say, “You're an idiot.” I'm going to send you a "You're a fool" X3! This is an interesting group, and I asked him why I wasn't polite, and I asked if anyone could use FreeBSD, and someone threw out the art of asking questions. I quit, and recently I asked again, "Does anyone use FreeBSD??" No one answered, not me, just dead people, no one spoke. This group is not “dead”, and it's not fair.

It's even more interesting for Gentoo's tGs, whose managers call each other "Big Man," "Big Man," and they talk about each other as if they're isolated from the rest of the world. It's not about whether you want to get in. It's about you. They don't even talk to you. A student abroad? No, then stop talking. Yeah, I never dared to speak in that group.

I've been told that the circle is different. The only purpose of the group is to pull. Like some of the crappy groups above, and a few of Linux's QQueens in China, I added a Linux group to ask how SSL certificates are configured. One of the admins came up aggressively and asked me, "Do you know what SSL protocols are, do you know how HTTPS's bottom encryption works?" I'm so scared I'm gonna have to learn how to use my password when I'm done with Nginx's SSL configuration. I'm thinking about what I'm not talking about right now, but it doesn't affect me in any way with SSL certificates. You think he understands, but he doesn't. And there were a couple of water cubes...

I'm talking about the tech guy, and no one's asked for it since then. It's a Twitter community about the origin of the kernel. Yes, it's the middle and seniors who use the word, and that's my prejudice. In my opinion, the anti-human design of micro-trust is no less than that of Unity, the Ubuntu default desktop. You think they're going to talk to you in a group about synchronizing? People care about the world! It is also common for people to invent lies every day. It's not if you can't get in, you don't want to. Every day, the parents of the West. What a pity!

There's really not much of a group about FreeBSD, and you're searching on QQQ, looking at just three or four of them. But in the wrong direction and without turning back, do you expect the Earth to be around? Some of the things I'm talking about in FreeBSD are the following.

# 7th of my story with FreeBSD # # I spent years with the Commissioner

I met the Commissioner in the FreeBSD group of QQueens: the sky was a little cloudy, and the clear days were not much. In a poem by the verse of St. Dubert's, it's like, "The festivities of the time."

The Commissioner is studying at the University of Waterloo in Canada, and the Commissioner ' s Co-opétive project gives him a real name. The Commissioner was not very envious at that time, and no longer of any use.

The Commissioner is a doc member responsible for the revision of documents, etc. So it's a natural thing for the Commissioner to recruit soldiers in the Quartet to translate Handbook. However, often contrary to expectations, the Commissioner has set up a more complex translation process for translators, in general, by creating a project in Github, then accepting his own translation component through Issue, and finally by pull requesting a consolidated version of the text. It's not hard for an experienced programmer, but it's hard for ordinary people to synchronize to the local level, because Github is 404, and some areas can't even be opened at http://github.com, for reasons that we all know.

So my friend fury says he can't get a git, download a pop file, translate it and send it to the Commissioner? The Commissioner immediately indicated that he could, so the fury started his translation path...

Similarly, I started my translation path, and I translated that chapter like Xorg. But the editor became a problem, so I ended up having a difficult translation, and I forgot to keep it because I changed the system. I wanted to continue with the translation, but on Commissioner Github Issue, the sign to me was Abandon, and I didn't go on.

The fury also sent his translation to the Commissioner.

It was a long time ... I thought they had translated FreeBSD Handbook for about six months, but the Commissioner abandoned the whole project. QQQ asked the Commissioner, the Commissioner said that the Pull on the gthub without the fur dog, yes, the Commissioner lost the Po file as did me, the difference is that I lost mine and the Commissioner lost the fur dog.

I'd like to reopen the FreeBSD Handbook translation after years, but this has to start with an editor...

Po has a good editor on Windows, Poedit, and this author is Vslavik. If I hadn't learned English, I would have taught him what to do. Poedit is open-source, but his basic functions are fee-paying and expensive. I raised high-ranking members in the crowd, and I was going to pay them on Visa's credit card, and there's Alipay and it's been a long time. I didn't mention it for half a day, and we got a huge handling fee.

I used Poedit for pretranslation, which is a machine translation, and he didn't keep the results of machine translation, so every time I opened it, it needed pretranslation, long and longAnd suddenly I couldn't translate, and I went to Vslavik, and he said that I'd pre-translated tens of millions of words, and with his software, I said that your software was bug, not my business, I translated it for open source software files, and I didn't have any income. But Vslavik didn't say that I broke the user agreement, but if I didn't, I'd be scolded. Instead of accusing Vslavik, the Commissioner came here to brag about me, and I was very ashamed.

And then I found that my translation was not made up, po, that this document was too strict for format, and that one change would not be possible without rm-rf.

In 2020, I heard that FreeBSD Handbook had a new online translation site at https://translate-dev.freebsd.org/ I submitted an application and someone said welcome in Chinese. I opened the backstage to see the translation progress 99%. I don't know, 99% of what I have to do, and I'll e-mail the guy who's greeting me, and I haven't received a response in six months. I take it seriously. Am I being too real? But now Handbook is still as early as...

I haven't seen the Commissioner for a long time, and I've borrowed some poetry from Mr. Duft once again... when is a wine, heavy and fine thesis?
。