# Section 19.6 Novel: Where are we from

The darkness is the same in cities and villages at night, but in cities there is always a fast-paced motorbike, and there are calls for help from ambulances that can never be pulled, and perhaps from police cars. What land does it belong to

And the train tracks in the city can tell a lot because he often divides a building into two parts or more. So what does this sense of spatial and temporal fragmentation give you, or is it a lack or a full time。

Little Li's father is naturally called Old Li. Even though Li sells, Li is a cultural man。

Old Li has no time to think about these philosophical issues that look like form and school, but today those schools are leading one by one in search of their own. Li is a wise man. Where does this concern you? It's obviously for your house。

"Ah, old Li, hush and groan。

Looking at the construction site outside the window, the searchlight from the tower became the only moon in the sky. And the lights on the headscarfs became stars. "Assured, wooing, wooing..."

Old Li, who doesn't smoke, who drinks, who doesn't have any other hobby, doesn't have a good time. But in those years, going to college was a big deal in their village, and it was a big deal. Naturally, dozens of tables had been set up, thinking that the old village chief had held his hand and offered him a toast, and then various uncles and uncles had to take turns, and they couldn't stop, and the last spicy strangulation of his throat for days。

After all these years, Li became Lee and never returned. Later, people from their town said that the village chief had died a few years after he went to college。

“His daughter-in-law died of illness, but no one knew that his son died alive. How could Liu's head die of disease if he was so strong? Well, good people don't live long. Who in the village hasn't been better than him? Well, well, how do you say he's not a man。

Old Li remembers that the village chief was an 8th class carpenter, and I heard it was his ancestors' work. He was young and only knew that he could pick up several sacks of sawdust every day. In the autumn, he gave his family bacon with sawdust, and the villagers learned to use sawdust。

According to his old Li, he did not learn a thing, nor did he have a disciple, and he never seemed to have seen his son. If he was not from the same village, he thought the village chief had no children。

The towers outside the windows, which are gushing, squeezing, squeaking, squeaking, screeching, strangling, then falling. Thinkin' about it, Lee remembers what his mother said to him, "Don't be as honest as your father, it'll be bullied. Be smart."

Now he's older than he was, but Li never listened to his mother. I can't hear you anymore。

It's said that a fence has three stakes, a good man has three gangs. The village elders Liu has six or seven other brothers, not to mention a gang, but to study farming techniques, pest and disease control, agricultural market analysis, greenhouse sheds in the village and so on... People also laugh at them as “doctors of agriculture”。

People like to remember at an old age, things that happened decades ago were like the first second. Old Li seems to have seen Dr. Farmer's horse "leave" to himself when he was only in the fourth grade of primary school, and the old horse was teaching the folks how to get rid of them, and when he saw himself, he said, "My "Dr." is fake, but you have to be real, and you learn best in the village. “..

A few years later, the horse died, and the old horse was drunk, and he heard from his elementary school classmates that he drank too much, and then died。

Old Lee's taken care of himself。

But how can you blame Lee? Life just works. He had no choice, life had made his choice。

He's old-fashioned, and his son Li is a sophomore. Li is too old to know the fate of the world, to take words like this as a lie. In the same vein, what those leaders are saying to him today is nonsense, and none of them is。

However, work continues. The “ghost” that had delayed retirement had already stimulated Lee once, and the semester's schedule had stimulated him again. The school is paid according to school hours, and the class that is washed away on vacation is not paid for. Li can't help it, and the leadership reflects the failure of many times。

Several teachers were late in the school term and were suspended for a semester and added a year of non-upgrading. It doesn't matter, however, that teaching at this school is just a “sub-vocation”. But Li cares that he has little to say, or that he goes out to teach others a great lesson, and his profession cannot be of direct value. Unlike those teachers at the computer school, they don't want to eat out of the house。

Li looks at the schedule in a complicated mood. A philosophy teacher who doesn't talk about Marx in his own “house”, and that's a place to see. I'm afraid my class will soon be downgraded from compulsory to optional. And no one ever takes the elective class. It's not funny to say, "No, no, no。

What's philosophy? No one made it clear that Li wanted to learn agronomy, but the bad day turned into a literary student, who later wanted to learn history, and was led to a philosophy. The graduate student saved his life and was assigned to teach at this university. Li has learned philosophy for the rest of his life. But what does it do? Lee knows that these are the things that students really lack. `But I can't give more to students。

If there's a new course, it's about teaching, curriculum design, planning, meaning... this formalistic thing doesn't torture people. But the hardest part is for the leadership to approve, but that is no wonder for the leadership. You say philosophy is useless from a pragmatic or monetary point of view, and what difference does it make between what you talk about “love wisdom” and what you talk about, and what you talk about, about leadership and yourself? It's just a little more famous. Although students are poor, they are not willing to mistake their children. And it's cutting off the road for troublemakers。

He applied for the subject of “General Philosophy” during the school term, which was also approved by the teaching department, although at half his estimate. Li's got to talk to the dean. He's probably approved it。

Old Li had a little idea. Are you going to retire early? The Department has also assigned itself a scientific mission this year, but that's bullshit。

There's no friend, Lee is not afraid of sinners。

The only thing that worries him now is his son Li. Little Li was invited to the police station for tea, which was not good, and was finally earned by the students. He was also warned, thanks to Li ' s ingeniousness, who had not deceived a person, who had sold and who had not called, to clean up。

Three days later..

Li has decided not to leave Li alone, but not at all. So he took him to class, and what was the course at the university, and he pointed to one of his classes for the semester, where he followed them. You can sleep, you can play with your phone, you can stay with them。

This class is full of freshmen, who have classes every day, and he is not afraid of his son being idle。

The name Li Li is the nickname given to him by the students. It sounds like nothing, but it is the highest respect for the students. It's also the most sincere feeling, and of course it would have been more true if it had been possible to raise your hand at the end. But it's a story。

Old Lee didn't learn Russian in English that year, but Old Lee had long known that the Soviet Union was dead. They secretly buy tapes for pronunciation, hearing and speech. That's why this school took him away as a teacher. In particular, since philosophy is a subject of Western philosophies, and Chinese philosophies are rarely taught, mastering English or even German foreign languages makes it possible to read the original book more authentic and to understand, as far as Russian is concerned ..

So even senior professors at the Foreign Language Institute often discuss academic issues in English with Li. The old Li was happy to do so, even with a few years of university English lessons, but later he couldn't keep up with his body, and that's what he did。

The school gave the stables a great deal of autonomy and, by no means, the people were too responsible for it, especially the teachers of the philosophy department, who might have been able to bypass themselves at any given time, and the former headmaster's fall had nothing to do with their reports. It's really scared out. Pre-car experience。

In the last semester's Marxist Philosophy course, the old Li, who taught Margerias, gave him a pass rate of none at all, a score that matches the “normal distribution”, and Li directly said that it was a mathematical matter, that he had not learned probabilities, that he did not know what the normal distribution was. Just knowing that the points are given by itself, there is no other problem as long as they are fair. As for the pay? Old Li's son has given him enough. Not at all。

Old Lee said to those students the “rules” on the first day of the class, simply, “no red lights”. The northern gate of the school is the red and green light, while the other South gate, which is not used by very few people because of its geographical location. You know what "red light" is。

This class totals 67 people, Li's massively hung out directly by 64. The stables require that all lessons at the stables be re-established, i.e. they have to look at Li's face for another six months。

Not only did the students stop, but the staff of the Department of Pedagogical Services stayed. This pass rate doesn't say that this school has never played that way in its history. Now the students are doing a lot of things, and a few days of microblogging is Li's work. Three passes, all others。

Lee wasn't much of a surprise, actually it was his move to Lich. It's called a moral expedition. It's not like I'm eating enough to do anything. It was students who went too far. Professor Zhang of the Institute of Management was not convinced that they had exercised their little power to the fullest。

When the media spoke to Lee, Li had the best of the best of the subjects, the best of the best, the best of the best, the core of the moral construction of ideas, and the way in which the Marxism is translated into the life of the students. Journalists are crazy, speaking Chinese, but it's just not practical, listening for half a day means nothing. Press releases, however, cannot be delayed, or they are too old to be true. And so, with an undaunted vision, with principles, the poles of Marxist scholars who insisted on the truth were set up. It is said that since this year's enrolment has been much more active, the head of the school has laughed and kept his mouth shut。

As for remodeling? That's the student's problem. The more than 60 students thought of half a semester, or didn't know what they were doing to the teacher, and why they did it. They can only persuade them of this new life, and this is an obligatory lesson. That's Li's class。

Lee knows something. I'm not afraid to tell Lee. Just tell the truth。

Little Lee was not a bit tamed by Old Lee, he didn't know anything about Kandeh or Hegel, he didn't know what an absolute mind movement meant by “others are hell”. The old Lee was too lazy to tell him that, according to him, it was a dead wood, which could not hold up the wall。

The son has lived with Li for too long and does not like any tobacco or alcohol, does not go to Internet cafes, does not buy lottery tickets, and stays at home every day。

Li's about to retire himself, but he's too busy hearing about the delay。

As for his class, he wasn't prepared for the students. Old Li's schoolbooks and teaching programmes are not taken, and he does not follow any curriculum, which is all for the inspection by the Department。

The school had previously had a philosophy specialty, but it was not known whether it was because the associate professors had dropped out of their post-doctoral studies or because the professional employment rate was too low to recruit or were all poorly graded。

But Li is a compulsory subject for all professional classes and is the so-called specialty of the school. It's still the old headmaster who was reported。

A new generation for the old. The school is now being recruited from a doctorate and requires that it be abroad. These teachers are taught in foreign originals and in English. They have a set of terms, and they listen to them。

Old Li has also heard lessons from foreign monks, which are not as good as teaching assistants. Isn't that a trick, Lee? Zhang told him that it was a mistake. Tell him he can't speak English, don't mind his own business. He's better qualified than you。

Li has a way. He can teach English too. So the term of “philosophical generalism” became “General Philosophy”, and the language of instruction became English。

Today is the first time this class has started, and it's a school-wide class, naturally in the reporting room. A classroom for 200 people。

The school smells of cinnamon but no one appreciates it。

"Ip, hurry up, it's coming to class. I heard that some professors just hung up their students because they were late." When I heard that, I started flying with my long skirt. I left my roommate behind。

Yip feels like she ran into someone on the stairs, but it doesn't matter。

Yip was in the reporting room before the ring. The dress was organized, and there were only a few seats left in the last row, and he said, “Then there”。

He's looking around, not looking for a seat, but to see if his son Li is here. At the end of the bell, Li opened the door to a point and reached a foot。

And the back door was completely locked by Lee. Little Li has two seats next to the girl in the last row on the left. He feels a little embarrassed。

It's a class of four, no wonder there's so many. Lee didn't say anything. No comment。

IT'S PROBABLY WHAT PEOPLE CALL A GOLDEN JOB, AND LI IS JUST FREE TO DRINK TEA AND TURN PPT. THE FIRST COURSE, WHICH IS BASICALLY CLOSED, GIVES STUDENTS A SENSE OF HOW TO RATE AND FAMILIARIZE THEMSELVES WITH THE UNIVERSITY CLASS, WHICH, BECAUSE IT IS A FRESHMAN, DOES NOT KNOW HOW TO DO IT. FEW PEOPLE HAVE MOBILE PHONES。

Zhang is one of them. He was admitted to this school from outside the province, and according to his own account, he was a random school and came unexpectedly。

It's fun to be handsome today. He's a science student. He doesn't know what philosophy is. But he was very interested, the first to come, sitting in the middle of the first row, right in front of Lee. Lee doesn't care what he thinks. He usually does things that he chooses to do。

In short, he had to attend a class, and he had a cold talk with his classmates, and simply said that he could pass as soon as he arrived. Let the students relax and don't worry about things like the last seniors. As for what's going on, is this school for people who don't know。

Old Lee thinks that there's no difference between what he's reading in English and what he's reading in Confucius, and even though he speaks a different world view in different languages, the world has really changed: It was reported that all the girls in the third class were missing, leaving only the boys. The hurry of the old professor, who thought he had been trafficked by a trafficker, told him that she was going to a star's meeting. This is not the case in their own classes. Yeah, well, Li's not the name。

But the English language is not as good as it is, and philosophy is a few terms that are completely different from what they mean and what they really mean. It's not that old Li's troubles, so let's go back to English, and not take the job of a foreign language professor。

“Guess, we have a special subject, and he is not the way to teach you knowledge, but also to acquire it. So it's a simple philosophical principle, and it's a boring thing to interpret professional terms." I mean, it's simple, so don't waste time copying it. The Big Questions: A Short Investment to Philosophy 10th is also an introductory book, and there is no conclusive language in the book, which means that the back is all back. That is obviously not possible. If Li doesn't say so, I'm afraid there's really a child to carry。

Old Li is talking about a good-looking student like Chang. Zhang's handsome is Sichuan, and he's got a bit of an accent he can't take off, so the roommate always has to tell him twice to hear what he's saying. According to them, handsomeness is not going to make it, because, as such, the Mandarin exam will never pass。

You can go to college with your back, you can't get your back. Math, back, physics, back. If there's only words, just a picture. He didn't have a back in English, but the back was obviously useless。

A big lesson will be over soon. How else do people always say that。

Someone blocked Lee at the door and said, "Li, the secretary is looking for you. Go."

Li has never met this man, but since the secretary is looking for himself, he must have been going to the office building, which is not far. Speaking of this building, it was the work of the previous headmaster: teachers complained about the poor working environment of the school, which led to a wave that took several years to build a seven-storey dome。

Li's got his purse and he's walking around the campus. Nothing about the fragrance of any bird has anything to do with itself. Only the present wealth is real life and vitality。

The Dean gave old Lee a cup of tea with mineral water and sat back on the sofa and said, "O old Li, you know the situation at our school, you should be understanding us, and the organization will compensate you. You should sign that

Li was silent and slowly took a sip of water without any sweet taste, rather than a cup of fresh tea from his own school. It did not appear that there was any intention to sign the letter of agreement on the President ' s desk。

Seeing Old Lee doesn't talk, he's so quiet. It is not easy for the President to say anything and to wave his hand and let him go. "This old Lee, well, he's out of his league."

Li had no class in the afternoon and was going to walk home and his home was at the South Gate of the school。

As for Li, he knew a lot of classmates in the class and no one knew who he was. Nor does he speak of his relationship with Li。
