# Section 19.9 Two exits

FreeBSD has become blurred and invisible

I have only added `-depth 1 ' to FreeBSD ' s file, and this line does not exceed ten letters, but the consolidation took almost one year. The same minor patching took less than an hour to complete the review, workflow, modification and consolidation of the raspberry pie.

You may say that such minor repairs are not their priority, and that few of them are concerned about these little things. But in fact, their files are barely altered, so stable that so many errors can occur. And I believe everyone starts with a little patch, don't they? And it's not an accident, whether it's a large-scale modification or a minor overhaul of a document, because no one has had to merge a number of PRs that I think are very useful, such as removing the death chain (a few hundred more), replacing the expired software with the latest replacement or name, and supplementing the list of available input methods.

You might say that this may be the case only for the documentation project, but the Ports project is the same, and it's almost always asked Grandpa to sue Grandma so that it can be consolidated, with authorized submitters available. Even in such a seemingly hard-working situation, it takes at least three months to complete.

As for the FreeBSD source code, I have no capacity to participate and cannot be evaluated. But I noticed that their WiFi developers seemed to be alone. A few years ago, it was said that a wireless network to the berry pie was to be transplanted, and it has not yet been achieved. Actually, FreeBSD has a lot of plans that have not materialized. This is also in line with expectations.

As for the fact that the Foundation does not seem to care about their FreeBSD project at all, many of the e-mails I sent did not even receive an automatic response. I think it's always possible to respond automatically, even if there's no one. Even the issue of contributions is wrong. Even the Fund ' s post-employment accounts were still in use, and they replied that I was sorry but that she had left. Every day the Foundation does something strange to me. They funded projects such as Google Summer, and they said that the students had made a great contribution to FreeBSD, but I looked at the previous year's projects and found that very few projects had been merged into the main line of the project, most of which had not even been completed. The focus of the Foundation is not even North America, but only Europe. Most of their activities were also organized in Europe. They don't even care about the legal issues involved in FreeBSD. I also understand very well that the Foundation wants to attract more potential contributors. But I have only seen that most people are involved out of interest, and in fact have not achieved anything. After becoming a submitter, only those contributors who do not have the authority to do so will submit them every few months. Many of the content of the FreeBSD quarterly reports are actually entirely personal. The vast majority of the following are also missing, but individual media that are not aware of this result in false reporting. Even if it is sponsored by the Foundation, so is it. Because there are so few people available to FreeBSD, and everyone's energy is limited. I've translated a lot of FreeBSD conference videos, both official and personal. They averaged four to six hours each. I wanted to find something inside, and I found it difficult.

I have asked members of the file project of the FreeBSD core team about the question of the tool chain of documentation items, such as whether a document needs to be transcribed or presented as it is, and unfortunately he says he does not understand it. He told me open-source communities were the hardest to communicate, dozens of times more difficult to write than code. I've been registered with FreeBSD WiKI for years without editing permission or knowing who to find. And he helped me. Unfortunately, I have not contributed to this. Because they're so difficult for me to learn, they're more complicated than Wikipedia. I've been learning for hours just to add the list of software I want. FreeBSD document structure I still don't understand. And the strangest thing about them is to put an English colon in the name of the document (their security report format is AA:BB), and I find it hard to understand which genius did it, which makes it impossible for the document project to be cloned under Windows. It's a documentation project, and I think the platform is irrelevant. In fact, I've been back on this for years.

Furthermore, the mailing list for FreeBSD documents does not seem to be of any use, and the submitters of FreeBSD will neither consult in the list nor accept suggestions for improvements to the list. Because this mailing list barely speaks. It seems that only a few people work on FreeBSD documentation projects. I can't see anyone else. It's really sad. But it's understandable. Everyone has to live and work, and there is not much time and energy to start. But to be honest, I have not felt their enthusiasm and vitality. Nor do I have the right to blame them, who have done much more than I have.

FreeBSD forums and Discord have not played any role, not even a submitr has been found to help submit the code (no way, no one can be found anywhere, so I simply stopped looking, as shown above). It is as if only one administrator is responding, and no one else is visible.

However, I note that some of the smaller BSD projects, such as OpenBSD, have done very well. Their hands are even more scarce, but I can see life and passion in them. Even though they may not have been donated, they could not even afford electricity. But their development has been very positive and their feedback has been very timely.

I have gradually found that so many things I love and love have passed away or are slowly passing away, despite the best efforts I have made within my capabilities. It is a sad reality that I have to comfort myself with my meeting. The cheapest brand card available on FreeBSD COMFAST CF-WU810N is also out of production, and should be cleared soon. I called COMFAST, and their clients said they weren't responsible for this, and they wouldn't even say anything like that. They're all workers, I understand. It's a real trouble to be a customer, and you have to face a client who treats the monitor as a computer or who thinks you're messing things up and blames your client. I understand them.

I know that everything leaves the world, including myself. But I do ask them to stay with me for a while. You can find alternatives to everything, he's cut off, you can even find cheaper alternatives to treasures, and you can find ChatGPT if she doesn't love you. But I don't want to wait that long, or I can't wait at this time. Or, in the case of individuals, there is something that cannot be replaced. It may be cheaper, but is that what you really want? I am constantly reconciling myself with this world. Within our grasp, the world is different for everyone, but nobody knows what it is. Even the truth of our existence can only be expressed through the negative things we experience. Happiness and happiness are always short and unrealistic. Only when you suffer from illness or hardship can you truly feel the truth of the existence of the world and of yourself. Even if you comfort yourself, it is hard to keep your soul intact. All I have is my opinion. Everyone left me, and I had to leave my memory, but it became blurred and I even forgot their names, their faces. It's so big in the world that I can't find someone to talk to, even Ai doesn't know what I'm talking about. I just feel that something simple and good is just disappearing. That is the reality of the world. The cover cat has been missing for almost six months.

FreeBSD is like a fair, and Linux is like a cathedral. The fair, the congregation, may be the first and last of its kind. And the cathedral, it's always coming and going. Nor can I evaluate whether a project such as Wikipedia, which is a philosophical field in which a human being can be involved in a program that can be edited by everyone, is better and more productive, or whether a project such as SEP Stanfordwick, which requires even a doctorate in philosophy, is better and more productive. I've made many criticisms of Linux, but I will never target any developer or contributor. I know that they themselves may not be able to handle the complex relationships of the community as I am and to ensure that the community operates by the CC. I once argued that FreeBSD was not a big failure, but I'm sorry that my limited capacity is not going to change a lot, but I've done my best compared to those people. I know I can do more to learn from FreeBSD kernels to be directly involved in FreeBSD improvements, or I can spend more time talking to them, looking for more channels to write more novels for FreeBSD, so that more people know, spend more money to contribute. I always said I could do more and more, but I'm so sorry that I can't do it, I can't do it, I find myself a living person and I have feelings, even though it's slow. Aristotle also believes that happiness is a prerequisite for happiness. The body is free of disease and the soul is unsettled, but this seemingly simple definition of happiness is difficult to obtain and not even one can achieve. Realism is full of negative content and negative messages, and with a little love from everyone, the world will become a good place, and I really find it too lacking in love and hope. But who will guarantee the present Duffy? Will Wang Qing believe it? Even if I step back and say that if God had existed, I would have been able to comfort myself that it was already the best possible in the world, but that was just that.

Is the modernity of world civilization real? Are we really in an era of progress, science, civilization, modernity? The so-called modernity is nothing more than an illusion, an era that, as in the future, looks just as cruelly backward and absurd as it is. The concept of modernity evolves over time and does not exist in the true sense of modernity, and the so-called modernity reality is filled with the general views of those who today evaluate the medieval century. The science and mathematics that we put on the list are not sufficiently decisive to believe in and promote it only because we are used to it, just because it works. So FreeBSD wants to be more necessary than it is for me. I can only believe that there is no way.

Nor does my open-source work for FreeBSD seem to make any sense, and today, six months after all the projects have been substantially stalled, I have not received any requests for my renewal, and it is time to let go. I'm always too important to think that I have to work very hard to promote FreeBSD, that there are many people who need me, and that I can only do this to help more people who can't say anything about even the problem. In reality, that is not the case. My various documents may be full of mistakes and personal opinions. After all, I don't have the Ph.D. they need. My knowledge of the world and society is also the most ordinary, the most vulgar, the most naive.

It seems that I may not have much talent in many ways and that even my efforts cannot make up for it.

I know there's no point in writing here, and neither community nor foundation will see it, even if it does. Nor can We blame anyone who has a life of their own and whose work is not paid, and I am not in a position to judge them. Maybe it's open source. Not even youI can't understand what I'm saying. I'm very sorry for the negative content and the negative message that you're spreading, but it's not what I meant, because you're not obligated to listen to my complaints, and I'm really sorry if you're feeling bad, it's my duty to forget me, I'm just a stranger and I may not exist at all. Nor do I expect anyone to understand or understand, and to bless everyone, be they supporters or those whom I have blacked out, for you have finally been silenced. But I hope you're all happy. Fooksheng has no honour.

# The things we love, show us who we are

Those friends I once thought were gone.

When I found him again, I asked him why you dropped out of school, and I went to that factory to find you. He'll just keep saying, "Then what." At that time, he asked my name, and I said, he said that we had the same name and the same last name. I don't believe it. He's got his book. I read it. And it's a weird word, not usually. He asked to go to his house on Saturday, and I said I was going somewhere else, and he said he was there and asked me to wait for him at the crossroads, where there was a red and green light. What a coincidence. He was there. It's a place like a post-secondary or college, a former steel factory. But there are no students. He said he used to go upstairs to play with computers. He and his grandparents are still confused and live in a first-class ward. They were cooking dumplings. I ate a few. I saw him buy some kind of learning machine for someone to sell at school, and I can only look at it then, probably now. I told him I wanted to see it. He threw it at me. I looked at it, and I asked him, what was the function of the propaganda? He said it was all a lie, even if he went to the teacher, said they didn't sell it. But when they did it, the teachers did it for them. After less than six months, he's gone. I went to someone I knew and said he dropped out. There was a yellow warning sign on the south side of that intersection, saying that there were multiple incidents. Now there's no sign. It's a store on the north side of the road. It's an apple. My mom says it's very expensive. Former community hospitals and banks have also disappeared, and the shop that sells the real Zong An platter has disappeared, and nothing has been done. The telephone booth on the road now also saw fixed cement. Now we can't find a place to eat a real Zong Ang's beef plate.

Back then, there were people from another village coming to me. He owns a barber shop. His mother was selling some kind of health care. I can't sell it anymore and I'm going to cut my hair again. I didn't know what I was playing at the time, I didn't know what to call it, I didn't know how to search it, and I described it as a funnel of two or two metres, in the middle of which was a conveyor belt, with an electric generator. Hands can turn. There's an iron shelf underneath. The whole is yellow paint. Various scaffolds, steel templates. And there's something I can't describe. The construction friends may be very familiar. It should still be that way. Then I couldn't see. It was not until seven or eight years later that I knew that he thought it would be more fun to go online at the Internet cafe and play with the warriors, and he was playing when I saw him. A long time ago he was in technical school, but the school was closed and the door closed. And now this barbershop can't be found.

Back then, another one. He said his whole family was going back to Shanxi because he was going to be evicted from his place of residence. I asked him, why did he do it? He said he'd build a football factory. He said it was a beer factory, drinking beer. More than 20 years have passed. There's nothing but grass. Can't see what a beer factory is. I don't know why I did it. They also lied that there was an airport at the north end of the village and asked me to go with them. It was more than a decade later that I arrived in the north of the village and found nothing but a tunnel bridge, passing through a broad tar road. It's very wide, nobody and no car. Maybe I never really got into them. I remember there was a very, very big cactus by the roadside. Looks bigger than the sun.

My teacher's kid was five or six years younger than me. In order not to let him play games at home, he was playing the Sal or something. I don't even know anything. I always lose to him. Put him in my place every weekend. Why didn't I say it was my house? Because it's hard to define home. He's too big. I'm sure it's hard to imagine how big he is to see this place now. It's not about my villa. It's impossible. This place is almost non-existent. I live in three areas. There's three doors. Every day I go to lock the door with my parents. When it rains, it doesn't know where the one-time raincoats are of the same quality as they are not. One place is a vegetable or a flower, another is a store for building materials and another is a rental for others. I live there, and I'm actually renting it in a way, just not paying. The steel template was stolen and seized by the police, and although it was still in place, it was trampled on the village ' s vegetable land. If you want a steel template, you have to pay for his food. In fact, I am completely alien to this village. It will not be possible to give an overview until more than a decade. So the village has nothing to do with it, except my teacher. Coordinated and claimed 50 bucks. An egg burrito was a dollar. A long time later, I moved out of that place and saw it once in my new place when my mom gave me $10 and said I'd buy something to eat. The adults are gone. When the teacher came back and took his kid, my mom said you spent 10 bucks, and I said, "Yeah, it's not gonna buy anything, and it's all out of date, and I didn't see the date of production and the guarantee period, and I went to the store next door." I've never seen a teacher's child before. I heard he went to college after he did.

I found out I didn't know them. Maybe even entered their world. Or have forgotten I'm such a person. It's like being an outsider. A man told me that a friend of his had disappeared and immediately took a green-skin train to his house for over 30 hours, asking why. I would never have done that, either before or now. I think he's very nervous about his studies this time, and maybe he'll come later. His mom wouldn't let him play with me anymore. He's moved. I'll find a lot of reasons that don't seem to be valid today. I've agreed that he's a child who knows everything about books. Because together we never discuss anything about learning. He never asked me, and I didn't have to ask him. In fact, he was not very good at those things. At that time, we'll light it with a twig. You can play one afternoon. He played hide and seek with me, and he disappeared after I counted. I said I'd lose, or I'll leave. I shouted three times and I left. And he's gone long ago. We're not waiting for anyone.

I have never voluntarily given up anything, and obviously I can't let go of it, except that these exist in a proactive way. People think too bad or too good. It doesn't affect anything. I've been doing things that most people think are meaningless. I know what a society is, I know what a relationship is, I know better what a status quo is, what a fantasy is, but I've never hated these people, I don't like them. What is not available in society or what is going to cost you is always taken as something that is not needed. Tell young people what to do. I tell you, your eyes are full of clear stupidity, and your mind is stuck in the student phase... Now society defines such things as stupid or childish, and tells you how to take shortcuts and connect relationships to become more social. I can only say that I told you that I would be here wherever you are. I will do my best to make a patch for what I love until the day I will never make it up again.

Nothing really makes sense, as long as you think about it. Some people like to get a decent Linux job, others like to develop their own operating systems, others like to play with some berries, orange pie, Risa. Others are delivering or feeding pigs in pig farms. These people are bound by FreeBSD or BSD. It is precisely the purpose of the UNIX BSD open-source philosophy that benefits all equally. Even Ubuntu, the term from far African wisdom, means that.

I see that there are still a lot of people who can't use computers directly in language and text. Others commented that the virtual machine was not installed. But I've done my best to record the video. Maybe we should start with zero, start with electricity, then with desktops, mouse, keyboards, etc. I actually do the same thing. (But it doesn't seem like anyone would see it, is it as stupid as asking who bought the tickets on the high train?) This is not about looking at the so-called mountains of the sea, because many undergraduate students around me still fail to distinguish between monitors and hosts. Not even the software installed and unloaded through the control panel. In this case, the transfer of BSD knowledge is ineffective, and those who understand can only blame you for all your mistakes, and even the original English text is useless, insufficiently in-depth, just general. You can't tell him what to do, tell him where the virtual is, he won't use it, and accuses you of teaching too fast, but the pace of the player can be easily regulated. I have to record a video about how to adjust the player's speed, and I can do it, and I haven't done it. You're already on high iron. How can I buy tickets? What do I tell you, should I get the crew to pay for the ticket? It seems that we have to start with the right-and-right mouse button. I have now completed 1. Electricity, 2. Desktops.

I may not teach anyone, nor will I persuade anyone. I can only say a very sad thing. I'd like to start with what electricity is, but most regrettably, nobody wants to hear it. Or from where this virtual machine starts, with a mouse point, and even before I used to do it for free, whether BSD or Linux or Windows. It's been too long to think about what I've reaped, but what I want to reap, as if I don't need anything, and what I need. I used to have a lot of C language classes, though I wouldn't have. It was they who urged me to open it and said they were willing to learn. First class, come in four, three in chicken or something. One don't talk. Make PPT, too long. Lesson two, it's just nobody. It looks good now, so I don't mislead them.

I'm very grateful to someone who sent me a red bag because I think it's simple, it's not worth his money, and I'm copying it. He spoke passionately in the northern dialect, saying that he was the foreman on the site, that their contractors were of great quality, that when I needed to build a house, I could call him, pack him up, and pack him cheaply, and that some of them questioned me why Windows had installed his laptop serial number and wanted to steal it. You don't know, I don't have eyes. What can I do? I'll give you the next one that doesn't have to ask your serial number. Your explanation with him is meaningless. I can explain it to you from the beginning. Nobody wants to hear it. You're making it up. Well, as you say, I must have sold your serial number anyway. Is your serial number valuable? Can you sell apples for three yards? I really don't know, maybe.

I don't care if anyone else uses me for his purposes. You want to know what to do, I'll tell you; I won't, I'll tell you where to look. If you don't believe it or don't want to hear it, it's over. YouSN CODE I DON'T KNOW WHO TO SELL. TELL ME WHO RECOVERED IT. IF A CONNECTION SN CODE MAKES A DOLLAR. I CAN MAKE AT LEAST A FEW THOUSAND DOLLARS. THEN I'LL LOSE IT.

IT'S TOO LONG, TOO FAR AWAY. THERE ARE NO PRINCIPLES AND NO BOTTOM LINES, BUT THAT'S WHO YOU THINK IS. THAT'S ALL.

"THE THINGS WE LOVE, SHOW US WHO WE ARE."
