# Section 19.2 UC Berkeley and Fiat Lux

>Westward the course of empire takes its way;
>
The four first acts already past.
>
>A fifth shall close the drama with the day;
>
>Time's noble of these things is the last of the noblest generations.
>
> > George Berkeley George Berkeley

This paper will focus on the University of California at Berkeley, “Fiat Lux” (Let There Be Light, Light), which can also be translated as “Making the world bright”. Many of the awards at the University of California in Berkeley are in the name of “Fiat Lux”.

University of California Berkeley, founded in 1868, is a public university. In this year, the President of Beijing University, representing China's first national university in recent times, Cai Yuan Pei, was born, like the one advocated by Fiat Lux, who believed that “a good society requires a good person, a good person, a good person, a good education”. He was honoured as the “Rector of Forever” of the Great North, and Japan began to usher in a new era, leading Japan to modernity and to follow in light, which also planted the seeds of Japan's future war of aggression.

Fiat Lux comes from the Latin Bible “1.3: Dixitque Deus: Fiat lux. Et facta est lux.” (Bible Mucchin translation). And God said, " 1.3: There was light, and there was light. "

See, it's the light before the world. In the Christian theology, God has pre-created light as the light of truth shines upon the world and is the source of human reason.

It's used as a school lesson, Fiat Lux, to inspire the world with knowledge. As Plato's light says, knowledge is like the sun shining the world and dispersing the darkness of ignorance. This means that students are going to change the world with knowledge, so that the darkness is removed. Yet the light will follow. According to Nietzsche, “The battle with the dragon has lasted too long, and it has become a dragon itself; and it has been too long to look back and look back.” The school training also constantly alerts students to their own and their surroundings, and not to repeat Socrates, who tries to make everyone admit that they have virtually no knowledge, but opinions and not truth. It's the same thing as I said in the Ethics, "Light without light, water with water." This is a wake-up call to avoid going into politics. However, today, in the United States, there is an overemphasis on political correctness, and the University of California at Berkeley Library has even removed the picture of Beclay (Beclay had bought slaves) out of so-called equality and inclusion. And the name of the Berkeley branch is that of Berkeley. This runs counter to the idea of freedom that it has always sought, as well as to Confucius's well-known idea: “It is not right, it is not right, it is not right, it is not; it is not;” We must stop and look at ourselves from time to time and forget the original purpose. Are you still afraid of the dark?

The perception of light in modern science is also an abnormal twist, with studies showing that light simultaneously shows volatility and particle properties. The paradigm of science-to-light research has been changing, and the spirit of Fiat Lux has changed over time. At the start of the school, the founders aimed to make Berkeley a beacon of education; today, they aim to make their students a star.

Fiat Lux means education, and access to knowledge can change not only its own destiny but also that of human civilization. The question is, is it really possible? Is education possible? According to Kandeh, “the Enlightenment Movement is a human being that is free from the maturation that it has added to it”. The question is, is it true that people have the courage to admit that they are premature, ignorant and ignorant? Are people really willing to trade the pain of knowledge for the joy of ignorance? Are those who came down from the caves of Platou willing to break off the chains and return to the earth for light? Do we have responsibilities, obligations and the ability to teach everyone? Is it possible for every human being to be like a dragon? And is it happy for them? Are those who have received so-called modern higher education still in a state of “learning ignorance”, are they light or dark? Whether we equate modern science with light, ignoring that modern science does not have a solid theoretical foundation.

In his view, many people saw the glitch as maturing, which in fact was just another premature manifestation. Fiat Lux calls on all students to live with the heart of the Red Son and to pursue freedom and ideals. Students are encouraged not only to say, but more importantly to practice.

As a public university, Fiat Lux means encouraging students to invest in the construction of California and the United States, raising the level of education of the American people, and the University of Berkeley’s aid policy, which exempts nearly half of undergraduate students from tuition. The aim is to give all people the right to higher education, not to abandon their studies because of constraints, and to fulfil the educational mission of the university. University of California Berkeley ranked 12th in the QS world in 2025. The University of California at Berkeley was born 59 [the Nobel Prize] (https://impire.berkeley.edu/get-inspired/nobels/) and truly assumed the academic responsibilities of the University.

Words and words read: “Light, light”. Fiat Lux means the pursuit of light and justice. The University of California at Berkeley has also been conducting school training through a series of campaigns against the Vietnam War and freedom of expression campaigns. As a monument in the history of education in China, the State University of South-West Associated University, whose monument is written in the following words: “The mountains of the river have been restored, the sun and the moon are heavy, and the wartime mission of the United University has been fulfilled and was ordered to end on 4 May 3505”. In a difficult environment, there is still an academic fire and the light of the university. The short period of time of the United State University in the South-West has long been hard to forget, and students either joined the army from Zhong Zhong group or worked hard to study. Fiat Lux is also the subject of dozens of other higher education institutions. The National University of South-West Unity, whose teaching is “Chong Chong Zhong Zuan” and which has no light, has become light for students' professors, who are driving the process of modernization in China. Today we will never find our South-West Assembly.

Light is also an indispensable element of popular culture. "Everyone has a dark side, but also a bright side!" Now I have been able to believe that, as long as we work to give up, I believe that humanity will be able to create a bright future and a good life. As long as you value something important, I'm sure you can do it." I think it's also the pursuit of light, the subject of which is full of dramas, that makes it possible to get this special piece out of the Ottoman series. The work is deeply critical of social problems - environmental protection and energy tension, urbanization and rural protection, war and peace, exploration of the universe, etc. What is more, the light is also extremely dark — is there any willingness to admit that a better world is empty in the face of a red blue pill that resembles the hero of the hacker empire? The tension between the evil Diga and the haemorrhoids is more of a contradiction between light and shadow, suggesting that light itself is not the right thing to do, and that photobooks are the same. In the Bible, God created light, and in this great end, only the light of the heart can be light for everyone to become Dejah Otmann.

In the comic book Episode 7 of "The Powerful Fight of the Daily System", the character, "What's the handsome in blood?" I don't understand! What does sin mean? What is darkness? Is darkness good? Justice and evil. Why is evil better? Why is it bad? Isn't it bad because it's bad? There is no doubt that we have always pre-empted something that is sacred, and in fact there is no serious reflection or argument whatsoever about it. The light is good, only because he can light things, and see darkness as a lack? What is justice is the hundreds of pages of unresolved issues discussed in Plato's Ideal Nations. Is it true that justice is worthy of pursuit and aspiration? Is it really good to force others to accept the light and walk out of the cave? And in the cave, is it evil, darkness? Can you deny that they really feel happy because they're in a cave?

Kant limits the land of freedom to protect the morals of people, but ultimately it is unknown. Light may never exist. The reality is that United States society as a whole is becoming increasingly divided, with more and more students lending to school and even being homeless. The University of California has repeatedly experienced massive academic strikes over the cost of living, bad school security conditions, and infrastructure such as school buildings, which are far from meeting international campuses. Even the University of Berkeley canteen has been hailed as one of the worst in America.

Fiat Lux is not only about education and knowledge, but is also permeating science and technology innovation in Berkeley — radiationing modern computer technology.

The University of Berkeley also conceived computer technology such as BSD, RISC-V and RAID. The open-source spirit of BSD operating systems such as FreeBSD (BSD licences are not as contagious as GPLs and are not “Copyleft”), knowledge-sharing, use by the broadest possible range of people to maximize social benefits, and the spirit of Fiat Lux are faithful.

As in light, the BSD infiltrates in every direction and is unknown, from iPhone to the new energy engine, from Sony PS5 to Nai.

The only way to really understand Fiat Lux is to understand why it's BSD. Why FreeBSD.

Fat Lux!

# References

- [Fiat Lux Scholarship] (https://financileaid.berkeley.edu/types-of-aid-at-berkeley/scholarships/fiat-lux-scholarship/), Fiat Lux Scholarship
- [Cai Yuan Beik] (https://www.xsg.pku.edu.cn/datails/1893.html)
- Cai Yuan-Pe Cai Yuan-Pe: Words and Words.
- With the new Mingji and the increasing strength of the nation, Japan has gradually embarked on the path of foreign aggression and expansion of militarism. In 1887, the Japanese General Staff Headquarters developed the so-called “Qing Qingxia strategy”, which evolved into a “continental policy” centred on aggression against China.
- Piazza L, Lummen TTA, Quiñonez E, Murooka Y, Reed BW, Barwick B, Carbone F. Simoniteous Obsof the Quantification and the Interference Patern of a Polish near-field.
- [D] Imanuel Kandeh. Historic Rational Critic Collection [M]. Translator: What is the M., Tianjin People's Press, 2014-10.ISBN: 9787201086415, page 22, Answering the question: “What is the Enlightenment Movement?”
- [Portrait of UC Berkeley name Make no longer on display in Doe Library] (https://www.lib.berkeley.edu/about/news/george-berkeley-portrait)
- [D] Nietzsche. Translator: Zhao Chienza, Commercial Printing Library, 2015-12. ISBN: 9787100117494 Chapter IV, subsection 146
- 47 Deca Ottman, farewell to the darkness.
- [Stamp of Monument of the United National University of South-West China] (https://www.tsinghua.org.cn/info/1952/7852.htm)
South-West Congress and Modern China (1937-1946) [M]. Social Science Documents Press, 2023-1. ISBN: 9787758059
