# Section 19.5 Novel: Cathedral and fair

# Chapter I Universities and fairs and cathedrals

Eric S. Raymond wrote a book called The Cathedral and Fair, which discusses the important theoretical and practical applications of the Open Source Movement.

Zhang Jae-chul was looking at the book, and in the library, the book was put under the legs of a round table.

In addition to some damage to the cover and some distortion of the ridge, it is possible to look at it. Before that, Zhang was a major in international economics and trade. He never had access to computers.

Zhang Jae-chul learned from junior high school about the magic network, and since then he's had so much less success in junior high mathematics that he even got nine in one. Of course, he was only five in the top. It's a miracle, in his own words. Even in high school, he's only 74 points in math. There is only one general school, the Green City Teacher Training College.

The Qingcheng Teacher Training College, which sits in the city of Qingqing, is the crossroads of the Seven Rivers and was founded in the Republic of China for 20 years, but after a long history, it is still a “coach”.

The scavenging of books is also good: when Zhang Chi Chul told the librarian about it, the volunteer student told him, "Please help throw it away, thank you!"

Zhang Jae-chul did not put the book in a recyclable trash can, but rather shivered with his hands, rubbed it with his hands and planned to take it back to the dormitory. After all, there's plenty of time for school.

The book was cleaned up and the words “Church and fair” were revealed. Although Zhang Jae-chul had already learned the title of the book by turning the page. But he doesn't understand how the cathedral and the market are connected to computers? It's two things that are different. No, three things.

Even though it was almost mid-Autumn and the weather in the city was still as old as it was, it seemed that the mosquitoes were not afraid of the fire in July, but that the mosquitoes were buzzing, and Zhang Shuzhi couldn't sleep.

"There's nothing we can do about it. We've run out of mosquito chips and schools don't even have air conditioning." The rest of the people in the dorm died asleep, and he lit his cell phone on, and it was late at 3:37.

The books had been cleaned clean and placed by the bed, and Zhang Chul-chul opened the book again, without knowing whether the moonlight or the light on the phone.

I don't know.

"This book was written by foreigners and translated by domestics." This is the final conclusion of the 10-second observation cover of Zhang Jae-chul.

An open university, without walls, is the real university. So the Qingcheng teacher has only one college.

Tomorrow is the Mid-Autumn and New Year's Eve, which is another good opportunity for Zhang to read.

The roommate was wondering what he was looking at the other day, and it was black.

"Well, you're almost done. Don't look at that. Have some restraint.

Chang Jae-chul?

Did your roommate get something wrong? And what does he mean? Why do you want to eat a six-swipe yellowball?

It's not very thick, it's less than 200 pages.

The slowness of seeing is that he can't understand, always searching for a word.

# Chapter two, install Yogi

In a group of QQueens, Zhang Chu Chul asked, "Have you used Linux?" Soon QQ's head flashed, "Linux? Isn't that just WPS?" The group still told him. "You pretend Linux can only use WPS for me and you," and then you add.

Ubuntukylin, the "Eugi", is a local Ubuntu chemical product of the Ubuntu Foundation in collaboration with the National Defense University of Science and Technology and the Ubuntu Foundation.

“This is what the anti-official network says, Zhang Jae-chul was going to put Linux in, search Linux for every poison, then come out Ubuntu, and once Ubuntu jumped to the Ubuntukylin website https://www.ubuntkylin.com/.

As for why Linux should be installed, it's simple to see how the system in that book works, and whether Linux can only use WPS.

"Oh, a good man named Wang Tao and a wish for a happy New Year." The network is at https://cn.ultraiso.net/, which Zhang Jae-chul found.

First of all, what's to buy a U-disk, later on, Zhang Jae-chul found that it was possible to install a hard drive, download an easybcd, find a green version and set the grub parameters, the hard drive is HD0, the partition is X.

His computer is G400, configured with i3-3110M, memory 4GB, graphic card HD4000+AMD8750M.

"Let's see how G400 gets into BIOS, oh," Zhang Chi Chul, see, there's a little button next to G400's power key, press down and choose the second BIOS Setup. "It's quite simple."

Wait, wait, wait, wait. What's going on in Win 8 again?

I don't know.

Looks like the hard drive doesn't look good. Let's try old peaches and cabbage. But it seems like you need a U-disk. I couldn't help it, Zhang Chi Chul went to the computer store to buy a 4G U drive, USB 2.0, 50 bucks. The case is red and can be rotated. The model is DT 101.

He re-examined the first course, and it seemed that diskette was the easiest solution. Oh, to compress a space from the D disk to the Ubuntu system first. As far as size is concerned, Zhang Jae-chul thinks that 20 G is enough, and actually D disc space is not very big.

"There seems to be a wubi installation?" But he searched, and the wubi installation seems to have been abandoned.

"I have to say, Wang Tao is such a good man." Zhang Chi Chul-chul laments.

"WPS, I'm here.

Enteres the selection of DT 101 USB devices, then the purple box, with several options in English, "install, install, which I know in English." That's why Zhang's got his mind set.

The code is rolling, and it's about 10 seconds away. It's purple too. By the way, he installed Ubuntu Kylin 14.04.

In the first place, the language of choice, “I know this well”, went down and found the word “Credential Chinese”.

Then there's the point of "continue."

Zhang Jae-chul saw "3 Bang," "Well, go ahead and put this third-party component on."

Waited about five minutes before the circle stopped.

Look at the curriculum, it seems. Then install it on the E drive.

So Zhang gave the word "other options" because so much space C could not fit in.

"Oh, split up. / Is an EXT4 Log File System"

"Let me see where the E drive is, what the NTFS is."

Zhang Chul finally determined which E drive was based on the size of the partition.

"The starter guide is to be installed in the EFI partition." It says on the course.

"Did I miss a section?" So he took the mouse point and set up the EFI partition.

Then you press the word " Install Now " with the left mouse button.

The computer appears as a warning: “Does the previous modifications go on on disk?” Zhang Chul-chul decisively pressed “continue”.

And he said, "Where are you?" Zhang Jae-chul ordered the Dhidu, but did not respond, so he just ordered a place in Asia.

It says on the course that the keyboard layout does not need to be changed, just go back to the car.

Then set the password. The user name is zhangongkai, the password is z, it's simpler, it's on automatic login. Zhang Jae-chul thought so and did so.

“Welcoming the use of Ubuntu 14.04, the latest version of Ubuntu, which is fast and rich in new features and is more user-friendly than ever, and here are some interesting new things ...”

Half an hour later.

"Equipment complete, now restart" Zhang Zhou Zhi Zhi Zhi Zhi Zhi Zhi Zhi Zhi Zhi Zhi.

# Chapter three, search dog input

G400 resets quickly, automatically entering a desktop called Unity.

“It's too anti-human, why is `x' on the left to show that you're different?” Zhang Jae-chul feels a little strange.

Zhang Zhang Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhu Zhu Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhou Zhu Zhu Zhou Zhu Zhu Zhou Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu has waited for a few minutes or completed

Opened the software center and tried to install WPS, searched and found no. He found the WPS network and found only 32 bits of WPS, but his own system was 64 bits, which means that Zhang Xianchul needs 32 bits of software support.

"Oh, press ctrl alt and then press T, enter sudo dpkg-add-architecure i386, then enter the password z, oh, the password is not shown and then enter sudo apt-get update. Finally, Zhang Jae-chul entered "y". Half an hour later, the software was installed.

"The original spaces also enter..."

Then cd goes to the Download directory, then double-clicks WPS.deb, jumps to the software store, waits for a few minutes, prompts the installation.

"Also, I WPS was packed, and later, as if WPS had a font package, a venom cloud," and the venom cloud had not reached 4KB at a limited speed, downloading was also a deb bag, and repeated the above steps for installation.

"Still, I'm really set up this time. I don't think so.

"Burn a wine QQ, this is an official wine QQ provided by Yoon.

Still, "You see, I say, Linux can only install WPS."

"Who said, there's not even a farm calendar, weather, Queens, Queens?"

"You can still get a screenshot!"

Then what? It's like it's not working.

Then, a lack of input seems to have a dog-searching input, but needs to be installed. What else needs to be configured. "As if it's an environmental variable," that's interesting, not sougou, but soogou.

All right, it's time to eat, to pick up the phone that's charging, to pull out the USB data line, to charge the head off. We're going to lunch in a small restaurant downstairs. "Let's just have some noodles."

"I'll have one of the noodles. Don't be jealous. I didn't eat it last time.

In the afternoon and evening, three majors. They are “Managerials” “High Mathematics C1” “Thoughts”. "There are so many Monday classes."

After one day, Linux couldn't open it, stuck in the login interface, and popped the "internal error" warning box. The system is so unstable. "Wasn't it possible that a few words of kylin affected it?"

Zhang Jae-chul's idea is not wrong, but only a small problem.

The problem is, kylin, although it increases the instability of UbuntuSex, but Ubuntu itself is unstable. Because Ubuntu is based on Debian's SID version, which is an even more unstable downstream version.

These will only come to Zhang's sense.

Now he just thinks he should reload the original Ubuntu instead of the modified Ubuntkylin.

"Well, I didn't think Linux was more unstable than Windows 8, so I couldn't turn it on, but I set up a dog search.

An input method broke down a system. The XP is more stable than this.

# Chapter four, internal error

It's like water, not a cloud, and it's another Thursday. Zhang Zhou Chul-chul has no classes in the afternoons on Thursdays.

"There's time for a real Linux system!" Zhang Zhang Zhang Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhu Zhang had to live on Windows 8.

So Zhang Jae-chul pulled out the DT 101 U-drive, which was only 4GB, but had to say that the Windows 8 VL mirror was barely enough in the age of 3.31G.

"But how to download the original Ubuntu? As soon as Ubuntu was opened, the official jumped to Ubuntukylin.

And then after all that, he learned that there was something called a mirror station. It seems that Ubuntu mirrors can be downloaded from the USTC mirror, and that's enough for Ubuntu 14.04 in the https://mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/ "Retrieving distribution images" on the right.

The next approach is identical to the installation of the kylin version, without any distinction. We will not dwell on this.

When installed, Zhang Chi Chul pressed the power key.

It's still the same as before, which probably means suggesting that language lacks complete support.

So Zhang Jae-chul didn't believe in evil and started to install a dog that was no good.

Replace Ibus with fcitx, "The control panel of the input method that seems to be used only these two". Another scim is no longer maintained and the author hasn't talked to him since 2004.

The dog search system relies on gtk, fcitx. Once again, after a repetition, the dog search process was installed.

"It's about to be restarted."

After restarting...

"I knew it was kylin unstable. Look! Ubuntu's original version is much more stable!” Zhang Chool-chul was excited to start talking to himself.

Is it just so exciting to install an input method?

Yes. Sometimes happiness is so easy.

Next thing you know, it's time to install WPS. How do we get rid of this Amazon? And this pile of libreoffice. What the hell is that? Zhang Jae-chul's venomous command is sudo apt-get remove libreoffice\unity-webapps-common-proge.

"Aah! Zhang Jae-chul made a lamentation!

"32 bit WPS, start!"

After he installed Yoon Yiu's QQ, it seemed like Zhang Jae-chul had nothing to do.

It's like you can learn programming, you have to install Java, and you have to distinguish between jdk jre jvm, "Let's see which one is the most complete, oh JDK contains everything" and Chang Jae-chul is going to install jdk.

Instead of visiting Java.com, he entered Oracle's Oracle Civil Service Network because Java was acquired by this company, formerly Sun.

Some say that the technology company collapsed because he had no technology, and that's obviously bullshit: look at Sun. He's got the solar system, he's got a small group of people now; he's got JAVA, not the first, but the second; and he's got SPARC, talking about hardware. But it didn't just go down, but can you say he went down because he had no skills?

Zhang Jae-chul finds this jdk configuration to be a bit of a problem and has to move the environment variable. That's the last thing he wanted to do. That's why he couldn't get in.

Report JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jdk1.8.0_91

= = = = =

/lib: $/home/zhangongkai/lib

Export PATH=/home/zhangongkai/bin: $PATH

Then reload the environment variable. Zhang Java –version command to see the result of the installation output "1.8.0_91" ...

Thinking about Yoon's internal error, Zhang Chi Chul quickly reboot it.

It was used for a while and the familiar “internal error” window was re-emerged.

"It doesn't seem to blame Yoon, it's not his pot. This Ubuntu is an internally wrong edition of Zhang's philosophy.

# Chapter five, try CentOS

Zhang Jae-chul opened the Cathedral and Fair again in the face of the Mid-Autumn party, although he had read it before. He found it all over UNIX.

"UNIX Philosophy is anti-humanism that makes you put the window X on the left? It makes you "internal error" every day.

Zhang Chul realized that, despite the beauty of Linux as described in The Cathedral and Fair, you had to admit that, despite its promotion of the Open Source Campaign to a certain extent, it was only a poor counterfeit of UNIX. In the guise of UNIX philosophy, it's not true.

He believes the real UNIX is never like this. But there is no way to find a real UNIX system to install it.

The Mid-Autumn party will be over soon. It's the same thing.

Back to the bedroom at 19:17, the news was still on, and the weather was not forecast.

"There's nothing to do." Zhang Jae-chul doesn't know what to do. The two subdivisions of Ubuntu have been deleted by themselves, and the grub2 guide of Ubuntu has been deleted by easybcd. If you don't get it, you're stuck in "#."

"Do you want to try something else?" "The bird's Linux uses CentOS, so I have to buy this book to learn systematically. I'll have to install a CentOS." Zhang Chul lost G400, otherwise CentOS couldn't live, when the kernel was only 3.X. "Only CentOS 6.5?"

This disk book doesn't work anymore, and it's got to be written in CentOS with win32dikimager, but all the tutorials are dd, "Are these people S, B?" Zhang Chi Chul wonders, where's Windows dd?

It took half an hour to finish, because CentOS-6.5-x86_64-LiveCD.iso was like that, USB 2.0 was slow.

The installation of the interface seems modern. The Gnome desktop and some accessories were selected. For example, printers are not installed.

The partition is the same as the previous Ubuntu installation.

Zhang Jae-chul found a problem, black screen.

Zhang Jae-chul was very toxic for half an hour, and the last Fx key, which looks at the brightness, remembers what, press Fn+F3. And then the amazing thing came up, and the screen went up and it was the prompt box that entered the code.

"I'll go..."

But Zhang Jae-chul found that the WIFI couldn't be used. To compile the driver itself, to download the drive on the Web, to post a post, a tutorial for a sheep head icon.

Make? When Zhang Jae-chul went on a mess, he discovered that WIFI had become the Ethernet.

The post says, "Well, my WIFI became Ethernet under CentOS, and then took a picture of it."

After a few days...

Wait a minute, we'll deal with it. He didn't read the sheep's hair. Make sure it works. "A few places to change":

/home/zhangongkai/packages/driver/src/wl/sys/wl_cfg80211_hybrid.c: 2122: Error: too few arguments to fight `cfg80211_romed'

After that, make install. Load kernels modprobe cfg80211, modprobe lib80211, insmod wl.ko, modprobe wl.

"Oh, there's wifi, ha ha!"

Zhang Jae-chul seems happier than New Year's.

"Let me see what the renewal order is."

"Yum update?" That's a lot easier than Ubuntu's. What the fuck, apt-get? Look how short CentOS is, just three letters yum.

"I'm not saying that the CentOS package is too old, it's only 17.0.10, the official version is over 30, it's too new to install, it's too new to rely, and CentOS is very old."

"No wonder it's so stable, so it's the old version." Zhang Jae-chul doesn't know what strange reason it is, old = stable?

# Chapter six.

Zhang Jae-chul always felt that CentOS was not working because the bag was too old to be used as a desktop, and the dog-searching process had taken a long time to install it.

“Try the original RHEL version of RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux) 6.5” Zhang Chul Cheol believes that the re-ordering has led to its instability, but he only got the rhel-server-6.5-x86_64-dvd.iso on the Internet, but he wanted the desktop version, which he could not find, and later knew that the server was the most inclusive, including the so-called desktop version.

Zhang Jae-chul also pulled out the win32dikimager, "It's true that even the installed interface is the same."

Once installed, it is also an ancestral black screen that requires Zhang Zhuol to move up and up. Try the yum command, as it is on the Internet, which requires subscriptions to be available at tens of thousands a year. "No way. Forget it."

When Zhang Chul thought about CentOS, he tried to replace the source of CentOS on RHEL, and when yum update, he found that the red hats in the upper left corner were turned into centOS's Logo. Then reboot, the system dies...

“..No, it's not that CentOS is almost 100% compatible with Rhel."

Zhang Jae-chul is desperate.

He thought that since you can reset Rhel, there must be someone else.

It was poisoned, and it became clear that there was a replacement called Scientific Linux, an operating system developed by the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in cooperation with the European Nuclear Research Organization. Zhang Jae-chul tried to switch his source to RHEL, and the result was that youm update will be fine. And more stable.

This means that CentOS is less compatible with RHEL than Scientific Linux. Then why are there so many people who don't use the latter?

"It's just the clouds."

“Why do you have yum without these people having to compile them? The source of the software isn't without his version and software?

Because there's an EPEL, there's a Nginx in it!

Linux installation = compile installation?

There's a bunch of s.B. Compiled tutorials. How will he unload it after it's compiled? How to upgrade? How to maintain it?

Zhang Jae-chul finally realized the poison problem and used to quote some of the garbage on his website.

Zhang Jae-chul couldn't bear it, “and it's too much to be tired of these garbage classes copying each other. And it doesn't point to the source, and it seems that some companies are asking them to write it that way.

"I wonder how many new functions you have to turn on? You have to compile?"

Zhang Jae-chul has completed the entire edition of Bro Bird's Linux private dish: Basic Learning, edition 3, so it's not hard to understand what's being compiled. That's what Fang thought.

The book was also murky, and most of it was not necessary, let alone read it as a dictionary. The third edition, which is also somewhat old, is CentOS 5.X, and the kernel is 2.6 X, which needs to be updated.

No wonder Zhang Jae-chul doesn't even play his cell phone in school.

Scientific Linux is not a lot of mirrors in the country. But the speed of this mirror station is still working.

"It still seems a bit boring, and QQ can't fit on it, and WPS has only the Deb package, and there's no rpm package, and it seems that Deb can be converted to rpm and the command line, but the switch, dependence, can't solve it."

Fedora?

In the course of the ongoing reloading of the system, Zhang Chul found that he did not like the Gnome3 desktop, but rather preferred the Gnome2 style of the red hat, even if it was essentially Gnome3, and after some research, Zhang Xian Chul learned that there was a desktop called Mate, which was designed to continue the Gnome2 or GTK2 style.

"It's a customized release, and it says that Fedora is a gutter, and I'm trying to look at it today." That's right. It's another Thursday, and it's time for Zhang's Zhang Zhichu system.

Searching for Zhang Chul found that Fedora had a customized version of a different desktop, which is inside the spins.fedoraproject. Just download it.

The sun outside the window is still warm. A few breezes pass through the guacamole, and swung in the hearts of the pedestrians. As if it had cleansed the hearts of men.

"It's true that the interfaces are identical."

'"This mate desktop is similar to the Red Hat default system. Should it be yum?"

Zhang Jae-chul tried sudo yum update, and did respond.

Fedora also has a Chinese source, which installs the Fedora 19. Self-declared as “Fedora Chinese Community (FZUG) Creates and maintains this software source to provide a richer package for Fedora Chinese users.” It's the only reason Zhang Jae-chul imported this source...

"I have to say the input method is a dog search..."

QQQ seems to be another problem, and the so-called wine is not even half-finished...

"What's this gonna do?" Zhang Chul had to pull out the WeB QQ, which is better than nothing, even if it's only words.

In a few days, Fedora 20 was released, and on the Internet it was said that it could be updated with an order, and it was clearly up to date...

Fedora's release cycle is too short and updated several times a year, which makes it impossible to use it... because stability is difficult to secure and third-party software matching is difficult, for example, to search for dog input...

Zhang Jae-chul re-assembled and failed to fit the input method.

They say that fedora is a gutter, but Zhang Jae-chul thinks it's a little mouse test, and every time you add a red hat to the new feature that you want to use in RHEL, it's being tested, and it's moving to RHEL for firm stability.

"Is this a test team not available?"

Zhang Jae-chul used to think that the Red Hat system was old and now new and updated daily. Then the desktop gets stuck from time to time. There are some strange mistakes.

Those who say "fedora" is good, say "mute or bad" in a fashionable phrase. Just one word. How about a big version? If you don't update the software, you won't! How can you install the software when you're done? Change the source from abroad? Huh.

There are also many software developments based on fedora, such as the G400 pre-packaged linpus linux system, which is based on fedora, which is difficult to use, and has itself created a so-called restoration service to prevent a collapse, probably to match the combination of a combination of the original, and the help icons that it found on the desktop cannot be deleted.

Zhang Jae-chul e-mailed the company seeking help (the three packages of the software) and was unresponsive, and received no useful help. Think about it, how can you expect him to have any stability on the basis of a mouse distribution system?

"Who the fuck says Linux is more stable than Windows?" Zhang Jae-chul wonders how many people say Linux is more stable than Windows. "Shall the desktop be fired?" Then you don't have to.

You don't have any software. Is that unstable? You don't write your homework.

# Chapter eight, build your own website

Even Ubuntu can't be compared to having to build a server, or the CentOS curriculum.

"CentOS, if I may say so."

"How to build a web site?" Zhang Jae-chul asked to create a web site, usually with the installation of the Apache http server, MySQL database and PHP.

Because nginx has to add EPEL to it, and Zhang is lazy...

CMS is the website content management system. I've heard of it before, but it's not working. I don't want to use it this time. Find a CMS called emlo after searching. Only php5.X,mysql5.X.

The server is one dollar for the student machine and one dollar for the cn domain. Zhang Jae-chul bought it for a year. It cost 13 bucks. Registered a guomao2013 domain name.

Install putty first, then link to SSH on it.

"So small, just a few MBs. Wait a minute, there's no Chinese, and there's no copy of any of this shit. It's hard to copy. Anything else?"

"This thing works good!"

First install Apache. Name's not apace. Name's httpd.

Zhang Jae-chul saw a tutorial, "Oh, yum install httpd."

"and then start, service httpd start"

It looks like he's okay. The site's DNS records were already configured and the site was opened and found “Apache 2 Test Page powered by CentOS”.

Zhang Jae-chul thinks it's easy to build a website!

Then Chang Jae-chul entered.

I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this.

nano / var/www/html/info.php

Added.

```sh '
What's wrong?

phpinfo(); >
````

Then resets the httpd service. I'm not sure I'm going to do this.

When Zhang Chul opened the guomao2013/info.php, he saw the web page entitled PHP Version 5.3.2.

"Final Installation Database"

Zhang enters mysql mysql-server

Mysql service: service mysqld start

Then say you want to set the root password: mysql_security_installation after setting the password and press five return cars.

"Isn't that simple? Oh, and the chkconfig mysqld on, and chkconfig httpd on."

And is the compression package that downloads emlo installed on CentOS with wget (yum install wget) download decompression?'?

Then enters the configuration interface for emlo. The configuration is simple and enters the username and password for mysql database, port 3306, which is default, without changing the series.

Zhang Jae-chul felt that he needed to install a poison-killing software. Checked out only ClamAV, but Kung Fu didn't have a heart, and finally found something called a safe cat.

It took a while to install a safe cat and the story just started...

"Warn that your server was hit by a flood Your server was attacked by a SYN flood..."

Zhang Chi Chul-chul wonders who's had enough to attack themselves on a website just built a day ago? He remembered the phrase, "The virus has grown since we had the poison software."

"Or maybe emlo had a loophole, and I installed him, and the men came along."

Half a month later, the website suddenly turned 502. One hundred says it's a database problem.

"What the hell!"

It was discovered that the database had not been entered and that the password had not responded.

The error message is to prohibit root login and request mysql login, but Zhang has never set up this so-called mysql account, setting root user passwords and resetting mysql passwords on a tutorial basis. Must be mysql login.

"What do you mean?" It's in Zhang's head3 question marks. "CentOS, what's wrong with that? Fortunately, there's only one on my website.

"CentOS, this system is unbelievable!"

# Chapter IX

One of the girls and Zhang Jae-chul in the last couple of days said, "If you can put a macos on G400, I'll call you brother," and he started working on the black apple.

Zhang Jae-chul actually wanted to put MacOS on G400 because the black apples were told it was very good. And...

I found a forum called Nearview Forum, full of braggings. I can't learn anything. I can't do anything. Turns out it's half a day's post, no farts, no chameleons, no clovers. "What kind of age is this?

Yes, he studied the EFI of Win7, when he was bored with the G400, and he found that it wasn't hard to install the system, it was hard to activate it. Eventually a kms software was found from abroad to activate the system.

MacOS' mirror is a big wonder, "What's in it?" A mirror 8GB, equivalent to 3 Windows, but Zhang Chul-chul only has 4GB, which is difficult, so he bought another version of DT 101 16G, which is also a red shell.

What else do you need to write a camera, TransMacos, free of charge. But we still need to find a study page.

He looked at it with a disskgenius and said, "What kind of shit, the EFI partition must be more than 300M, Windows, and the default division is only 100 MB, and where does he get 200 M?

A group of QQQs from a recent view forum was added to the question, because it was always unstartable, it was stuck in the rolling code area, and because five national languages would appear later, they called it "Ca5." “Hello, I looked at the forum and I didn't see how this problem could be solved. What can you do?”

Nobody's got Chang Chul.

"I had to speak on my own. I was just talking in the heat of the crowd.

I can't help it. I don't think I can eat black apples for a while.

"Is there a Linux that looks like MacOS? It's all the same. It doesn't work!

After a search, he found Linux, the first to imitate MacOS, known as PearOS, but closed down and was said to have been acquired by a French company for commercial purposes and not for free.

But Zhang Zhou Chul soon discovered that there were alternatives, known as elimentaryOS, which were long and based on the Ubuntu system, so compatibility was beyond question.

Zhang Jae-chul started to install it, feeling like the Ubuntu interface, but when it was installed, he discovered that it wasn't like MacOS, just called it "not ugly," compared to those ugly Linux GUIs.

"I have to pull someone over. Is there something like MacOS here? And the software that's chosen is strange, not popular, small, and it's obvious that it's not for no reason, it's just harder to use.

Zhang Jae-chul soon discovered a problem, and the mouse was prone to several. A mouse cursor will hold. If you move again, you will still be here.

Zhang Jae-chul thought he was responsible for his mess, so it took half an hour to reload the elimentary OS, and it turned out there was still this bug. Zhang Jae-chul sent an invitation to ask questions, which led to the problem for everyone, and the official offer of tens of thousands of dollars to settle this inexplicable bug.

"Come on, there's a bug this big before I download it."

Zhang Ji Chul has deleted the division. The tunnel, the garbage system. Finally, shout, "Foo! Waste of time”

# Chapter 10 deepin?

Linux kernel knows no boundaries, Linux issue country. So many so-called “national production operating systems” that have to be double-quoted.

Zhang Jae-chul's initial understanding of the national production system is that the maze machines that use the MTK processor are now linking MTK to MTK and MTK's cell phones, and he refuses to buy them. The operating system was called Skye's bubble system and there was a snow carp platform.

Both platforms have SP withholding fees problems, but the simplest solution is to change the software center number to another fake software, and Zhang Chi Chul is thinking of biting his teeth, four dollars for a game, and four dollars for a variety of operations in the back.

And then another one of the great gods developed a bubble changer that would just change the price to zero.

This is the initial attitude of Zhang Chul-chul towards the national production system. I hope someone returns the withheld money to him.

And then the phones were all JAVA platforms and there was no national system.

In the early years, the national production system was called 100% original, and then an individual examined the code in the form of a dissertation, and found that it overlaped with FreeBSD 95%. The system is called the tritium system.

A red flag operating system (which was first available in time) was later introduced, but Zhang Chul found that the virtual machine of the system was not working. "I'd like to try a virtual machine, but it's a physics machine."

The red flag, which appears to be made by LFS (a method of building Linux from 0), has been installed without wifi or wifi-driven with a toonet, or with a plug-in. "Good guy, can't you plug in?

Then there was a system called COS, called Unified Phone and PC, which was very popular. But it's called "copy other system." In fact, there's no copy, there's no copy, there's no line of code after a few years of blow... it's just a satellite.

"Deepin is a national star! The best operating system I've ever used."

Zhang Jae-chul saw this video on the B stand.

"Then try?"

Zhang Jae-chul went to download the mirrors and started writing with the Depths. Starting in and finding it was a fancy interface. "I don't know if it's practical."

Hint "Establishing Failed" on installation

Zhang Jae-chul:

After restarting, it turns out it was actually installed.

And then you start packing the Windows font files on the Deepin, and once you copy them, Deepin gets stuck.

"666, is this what you call a national operating system? It's not as pure as Ubuntu."

Copy it and die there. It's said that their desktops are written in HTML, and the programmer level is uneven, so it's normal to die.

"Then try to upgrade!"

Sodo apt update & sudo apt upgrad

It's done. Restart.

A few days later, the deepin network of officials said it was their bug, which provided a repair order.

"Don't you see if your own updates will lead to users getting into the system? You don't have a software test team!"

"What are you talking about now? Do you think it'll help now? I'll give you two mouths."

Shit! No dogs.

Chapter 11, shampoo

B. Another person started bragging about Linux distribution, this time ArchLinux, the largest desktop user, Linux distribution, almost one hand? Every Linux group has a bunch of people's business cards written about ArchXXX, like a cult.

Zhang Jae-chul thinks it's better to start with the experience.

"I don't think so. I just feel so good." Zhang Jae-chul wants to try. Find the begining tutorial, and see if the first step is to need a partition or to use a command line.

So Zhang Jae-chul took out a Ubuntu version of DT 101 4G, and then went in and distinguished it between the same, one/division, swap, this time trying to divide him into 8G, saying that twice as many as X2,4G memory would be 8GB. Although the division seemed useless, he had no idea what it was made of.

"Oh, when the partition is finished, it's mounted, then installed the basic system, then configured the ZSH, why not bash?" Zhang Jae-chul wondered.

It took two hours to put it together...

The desktop itself is Gnome3, or the mandatory systemd, "It's a long order, systemctl 1234 and it's nine letters."

The Gnome Shell version is new. "Fine"

He then installed a lot of software with a pacman order. Gparted ah, dog-searching. The installation process for Arch is not simple, but it is not too complicated. But it's not much of a use experience.

"Why does this system always die inexplicably, so it can only be forced to shut down, and deepin has a problem?" Zhang Jae-chul thought Ubuntu's unity desktop was already stuck.

That's what you're bragging about, Linux? What does it work when you don't find out? It's just a WPS, and I don't know how.

It took only a few days, and it could be said that the system was updated every day, every time a whole bunch of things were updated.

More than that, and deepin had a problem, hung up. Directly Kernel Panic now. "Windows, he can fix the blue screen, and you can't fix it when your kernel breaks? See desktop system stability for Linux"

“It is only this stability that will replace Windows, that it will be more up-to-date, and that there will be no remedy, in case there is no awakening in the day-to-day dream.”

"I can see this shit, Arch, it looks good, it doesn't work." Zhang Ji-chul knows the true face of shampoo. "The more software you install, the more unstable he is, the more up-to-date you are, the closer you are to the system crash."

No wonder so many people are blowin' about ArchLinux, and the more users a system are, the closer the average for all. "I don't know what to blow."

Zhang Jae-chul thinks that if you brag about the system, you can get a little bit of that. They can no longer be described in terms of stupidity and badness, and they have already crossed the border between them.

And a group of junior high school students who blew the vim's magic and claimed to match it with a set of helpers on Arch. And then, looking at their list of projects, it's all about repeating the work of previous generations, commonly known as making wheels.

Yeah, if you're really good at it, write oneC-language compiler.

Acrh Linux? See if it's okay.

# Chapter 12, shut up! Squirt, give the good guys a little space.

Find it, save the systems based on Ubuntu, Debian, RHEL, and find the Linux editions that were custom-made, and Zhang Jae-chul eventually found this bitch, Gentoo Linux, who was dubbed a dollar release.

I only lament that people are suffering and that I am not among them. Blows Windows garbage, says Linux's panic. She's a senior, holding a brick; she's a 3,000-year-old, and she's a fairy.

Gentoo, how? This handbook is all English.

Zhang Jae-chul wondered what difficulties he should have encountered in installing the system once he had studied his private food. Why can't a system be installed now? Lose the role model.

Zhang Jae-chul downloaded Handbook but read it over and over again, but it was impossible to register a wiki account and decide to translate Gentoo's wiki. It took Zhang Jae-chul weeks to translate systemd chapters and all handbook chapters.

During the translation, he was also asked to e-mail questions about the translation, stating that his translation section had been changed, but Zhang Zhou Chul sent him back to ask him about the translation and he stopped talking immediately. "Your translation's zero, why are you asking me?"

"Linux, are these people from the community so funny and rude? As funny as the Chinese administrator who asked if he knew about HTTP."

The only role of a manager in a group is to hit and brag. That's his only role. You're gonna look like you're doing this! You won't work! Just me, you little piece of shit!

Then what's the purpose of the herd? To make it easier for all of you to call each other "The Giants"? Zhang Jae-chul wonders, why is that so stupid? The big, real bulls would paint their own existence in a group? If you don't help others, shut up and leave a place for the good guys. Don't waste a good man's place.

It's these real garbage that dirty the Linux community. Disgusting UNIX philosophy.

Just bragging, nothing to do with the community, and Zhang Ji-chul translated, wiki, what have these giants done? Hit the new guy and brag about his "bones"? I don't know.

The teacher of Zhang Jae-chul management said, “You lose if you go to see him, you lose, and some people like to use a little power in their hands to the maximum extent.”

These so-called giants have been acting like an indignant daughter-in-law for many years, and when they became a mother-in-law, they started to squeeze their daughters-in-law madly. That's funny.

According to Shen-Teng's little piece, "Give the good people a place without you, you're not so bad, you can't move without the earth," Zhang said Zhang Ji-chul. You can shut up."

He's just a little bit of power, and he's gonna take him to the limit. It is these “breeds” that have long held the upper layers of the Linux-based organization that have led to today's microbes. They almost separated the Linux tissue from the whole country so that the newcomers went in as if they were in the wolf's den.

At the same time, I would like to advise the newers who want to join a Linux organization, which are generally monopolized in the best educational resources, and who have prepared a bunch of useless wheel-making procedures, which the group masters have given to them to manage in order to trap these “breeds”, and who in fact have no place to speak, and who are the “breeds” who govern the Linux community with their sponsors.

They don't only do nothing but persecution, killing and killing. With their invisible sharp edges, the Linux community and the new people were cut apart.

You want to fight? No! You're either forced to call him the Giant Giant, insulted by him, or you're self-reliant and learn by yourself. Their privilege has reached this point, and they have gone so far.

A lot of giants have taken over Linux communities, communities. This whole Linux open source world has been contaminated by them. It's hopeless. There is a great deal of learning, but it does nothing to the community.

# Chapter 13, the hydro and the giant

Zhang Jae-chul was outraged by the fact that the school ' s plumbers and he said that the school had rules that air conditioners could not be operated at less than a few degrees of temperature, which resulted in the cutting of the power lines of the air conditioners.

However, his rule does not take into account the large numbers of people, for example, in the auditorium, where nearly a thousand people live, and the temperature is clearly rising, and the failure to open the air conditioner is exactly the same as the steam pan.

"I won't! It's a school rule."

Zhang Jae-chul said, "What is it? How do I know if you made it up?"

By the end of this class on the situation and policy, the air conditioning was not open.

Zhang Jae-chul went directly to the logistics complaint.

How powerful is the power of the hydroelectricists? They have as much power as these so-called giants!

Linus Torvalds, the founder maintainer of Linux (only kernel), said before: “The Linux community is now a dirty quagmire.”.

Linus is right, not only is their developer's community a dirty muddy, but even the user's and the domestic user's community is a dirty muddy. The Linux community is a muddy place from the roots to the outside, a dirty place to the top.

How much power can a little plumber have? He prefers to exercise his power to the fullest, so that he may be able to show his power. What are these so-called self-proclaimed community administrators in Linux? They despise those who do not have ladders, and those who use Ubuntu, and they form a complete chain of contempt (except for Deepin, which is a really low user).

Zhang Jae-chul added a USTC TG group. It's weird how to enter a group. It's a TXT log to check a domain name. It is clear that the aim is to raise the threshold of entry.

"But did the threshold really rise?"

Why is there more of them? I can't help but think about Zhang. Aren't these guys coming from Ubuntu? Have they forgotten the words of the Ubuntu Chinese Forum?

– “We all know that the newcomers are very good, and they like to complain and have a thick Windows habit, but since we ask here, it is our responsibility to help them solve the problem, not just throw cold water, simply deny or publish a post that does nothing to help. It's the spirit of Ubuntu."

Did the giants forget those words? The giants think of everyone, of all the questions, as they say, the Reachers, and I don't deny that some of the questions are stupid, like, how to unload software. Because such problems can often be solved through search engines.

Zhang Jae-chul remembered the sentence asked by the manager of the so-called Linux CN, "Do you know how HTTP works?" It's obvious that this man is the same as the plumber. You can't use air conditioning today without me. I can just not tell you. Are you angry? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

What power can a plumber have, but what is his job? Is the only reason for a group of administrators to exist if they are not helped to solve some of the difficulties that they cannot solve on their own? I do not deny that he has such a role, but in fact he does not manage any of these things at all.

That is to say, these giants have nothing more to do than mock new people and contaminate Linux communities. Linus says the community is dirty, and according to Zhang Chool, that's what these animals do. They look at the open spirit as nothing, and they're proud of themselves, but they don't contribute to the whole community and they come back to contaminate him.

Chapter XIV, I'm busy

"I intend to make a game based on your novel. You see how "one of you and Zhang Chi Chul said.

"I feel good!"

The next day.

"Look what I've made up. What do you say?"

"Don't bother me. I'm busy. I have work to do."

Zhang Jae-chul deleted this QQ friend for months. Let him do his work, meet President Trump, or are you ready to see Otmann? You've been busy changing cars for the New Year?

There are always people who say they're busy, they're busy, they're busy, they just drugged themselves with a full schedule, and he doesn't know what he's been up to.

"Is this not your project? How come I'm bothering you? You're not beating him up?

Keep him busy.

It's nothing but empty.

Just think about what you're doing. It's the most important thing. Ideas, while not generating productivity, are a crucial node in determining direction.

How can a man who doesn't think look at the stars? He just said he was busy. You're busy with the President of the United States?

Just an excuse.

Zhang Jae-chul saw clearly.

Looking at the stars may fall into the trap set by the hunters, but it may also predict next year's olive harvest.

Fantasy busyness is a real waste of time, a waste of life so that it is formalism from beginning to end, and you satisfy a form of sufficient feeling without thinking about what is real life, real life.

The word " busy " is precisely an indication that you are not busy, just to escape the bloody reality, a real reality that can come out of only a few minutes of reflection.

A man will have many dreams and will find excuses to destroy them. Busy is the best reason, and it seems the most legitimate. I'm busy at work, I don't have time to take care of my parents, I don't have time to spend with my kids; I'm busy, I'm busy running for a living, I don't have time to learn the C language; I'm busy, I'm busy, I'm too busy to hit that neck on that heel.

What else can people say? After all, everyone has to eat, or starve to death. This is a well-known established fact.

But what's the point of your busy schedule? What have you brought yourself?

Zhang Jae-chul knows one thing when he's small: all the things are farts, nothing.

Does he not know he is busy? Yes, he does not know. Few people know they're busy. Zhang Jae-chul is very busy with the student council. What is he doing? At the end of the day, he had no idea, but had organized formalist meetings and had to force others to sign for heads.

Are you busy? What's the point? It's just a waste of time.

Maybe it's just an excuse. He's not busy. Maybe he's busy playing LOL. It's busy anyway. It doesn't make any difference.

Today there is no substantive difference between a white collar in a grid and a one-hundred-year-old textile worker.

Hope never took root in her own heart, but busy and pointless busy caused her to dry up.

# Chapter 15 # Student Association of Qingcheng Teacher Training College

"Maybe a chance to change yourself?" An application form for a student association is received at the student council booth.

Zhang Jae-chul wrote in the column on the reasons for the application: "I hope I can join the network of officials who would like me to go to the school and change the network, even H."None of TTPS.”

Ten signatures were required for the application form, and it was no problem that he went upstairs to find a signature from 10 unknown persons. It's just a little awkward.

Not to mention that he did not go alone, but his roommate, whose name is Chen. Chen Chen was successful in the post-military training class and was elected to the National Trade and Trade Division II. That's Sergeant Zhang. But he wants to join the student council, too. Zhang Jae-chul doesn't know what his purpose is.

The interview will start soon. What's the slogan of the student council?

Zhang Jae-chul looked up and the slogan was written on the wall...

Zhang Jae-chul can only say no.

A long-haired sister asked, "What is the relationship between student council members and ordinary students?"

And the senior said, "Did you focus on our student council's Twitter public sign?"

“You have only two opportunities for leave in the selection process for the student union's new entrants.”

The usual training hours are noon or Thursday afternoon. Unfortunately, this Thursday, the counsellors suddenly informed class leaders of the National Trade Division II that they had been checked and asked to do a self-study session.

"Go, Zhang Jae-chul, to the student council training!"

"But can't you skip school? There are Disciplinary Commissioners who look into people and name them.”

"Come on, let's go."

I don't know.

Until the end of the period, Disciplinary Commissioner Li Jia Jia sent out a attendance form for verification, and Zhang only knew when Zhang found out that he had a record of one leave, when he had actually taken leave.

Zhang Jae-chul received a text message from the student union. "Congratulations on your successful membership in the Student Council Pay Fire Program. Please come to the Student Council at 8 p.m. on October 22nd.

Zhang Jae-chul passed and found an elliptical table in the house. Several plastic stools were taken in and found to be two women, one man and three men, one minister and two vice-ministers.

And then it turns out it's called the Learning Department. Because Chang Jae-chul only learns.

They said to respond to the headmaster's call for radio gymnastics at 6:30 a.m. every day, and to the student council's call, and to the entire school.

According to Zhang Jae-chul ' s knowledge, there are no other colleges but the Computer College and the Sports College. Computer colleges and sports colleges run around their school buildings every morning at 7:00 a.m.

"It seems like a pit."

As a result, students at the school will have radio gymnastics every Monday through Friday morning.

It's a good thing that everyone in Zhang Jae-chul's dorm has breakfast. Or you can eat early, and you don't have to spend time in the canteens.

The specific work of the Student Council Learning Department is to organize various forms of activism, which are under their control as long as they are not isolated from their studies. For example, a series of lectures, reading activities, simulation of grades 4 and 6.

In fact, it's two days a week at 6 p.m. to go to a meeting and get a little book that says something. In fact, that is the specific arrangements for those lectures.

One of the ministers asked everyone what they thought, and Zhang Jae-chul said he felt there was no security plan. Aoi asked him, "What security do you think will happen?" "What if the light bulb falls?"

# Chapter 16, the same thing

Zhang Jae-chul saw that there were no computer-related associations in the school, and the only one seemed to be just to help people reassemble the system, with no technical content.

"Do you want to go to an association?" Sun Bin, roommate, asked.

Zhang Jae-chul replied, "Can we create an association of our own, and I'm your vice president?"

Zhang Jae-chul then looked at the Qingcheng Teacher Training College and found that a professor was required to be known as a mentor. Where to find this teacher? After all, Zhang Jae-chul is not a computer student and does not know the relevant teacher. As for their professional computer basics, the teacher was busy and he sent it to the teacher at noon, and the teacher did not reply until 1:30 p.m.

"Looks like he's busy."

However, it is not so simple that an association is to be set up in the schools, and the association ' s association is to be consulted on the significance of its creation. It is necessary to prepare a charter of the association, in which the head of the organization takes part every year.

The Association of College Students of the Qingcheng Teacher Training College is a nominal member of the Qingcheng Teacher Training College Students ' Association, the chairman of which also serves as Vice-President. But they are independent and have their own tutors and a set of teams.

"Is it really difficult to create an open source community?"

And Zhang Jae-chul was wondering, what should we do without anyone? I'm just a man or a man, Linux.

Zhang Jae-chul will end up dead. The good start is half the success, it's hard to start, it's hard to end.

Zhang Jae-chul eventually chose to join the innovative entrepreneurship organization created by Chen Xi, Senior Senior.

It is a college-level association organized by counsellors and attached to the Faculty of Mathematics and Economics. It's the college of the second class. The tutor is the counselor, Yu.

Chen Xi said that he would meet once a week and had his own small office in the Faculty of Education. It's a little small though. Just a couple of 20 square meters.

It says it's about the world's largest companies or marketing models. Each team writes a PPT analysis. The particular company is determined by its own panel. Zhang Jae-chul did not sign the club because of the lateness of his entry to the club, saying that she had to rush it.

The first Zhang Cho Chul analysed the rationale for free-flowing software and the operating model.

The second activity analysis of Zhang Jae-chul was done by China's mobile SP withholding fees.

For the third time, the whole community would never see again.

For the second time, Chen Cai also said that he would need a consultant and a graduate to evaluate Zhang and analyse the form of entrepreneurship.

Zhang Jae-chul didn't get that sign, and she never saw Zhang Shei.

Finally, it was reported from roommate Chen that the counselors had set up a company, together with Chief Chen Xi, to operate some poor cosmetics without qualifications. So he took out-of-school money and held it, and he took no responsibility for it, but he made money. For example, companies need to purchase couches and sell them directly from their homes.

Referring to the reason why the association had ceased its activities in practice, it was stated that Chen Cai did nothing, did not listen to him, was not united and did not know what was being done, so the association could not continue.

Zhang Jae-chul did not want to say anything, at least he felt it was okay, and he made a great effort.

Chapter 17, I'm afraid to open my eyes and close my eyes

The saying is, "Don't be afraid to open your eyes or close your eyes." What does that mean? Zhang Jae-chul had already been taught by the plumbers and again in the so-called Linux community.

A lot of people have been separated so slowly that they never saw again.

After translating Gentoo's documents, Zhang Zhang Zhou Chul mastered the system, and at the outset you had to decide whether to use Systemd or OpenRC, which is the only choice.

Install Gentoo requires a Linux environment with a live CD, and the Live CD provided with the GentooLinux project is the worst option, the best option being the Live CD with Ubuntu.

Not only because he had a graphical interface, but also because there were many excellent tools that were pre-positioned, such as partitioning software.

The partition, which is also the EFI partition, is not moved into one/division, and then the swap of the 8GB, because the G400 memory has only 8G, gentoo software that needs to be compiled, and large software, such as QT5, chromium, can cause memory spills, and the simplest solution is to use swap.

Gentoo's kernel needs to be compiled by itself, and there are many options, or most of them, that are useless, and the only drivers that need to be selected, including the graphic drive and the systemmd will have to be selected, and this check-in is open. And intel card drive. The other is to be aware that if the kernel is used by an EXT4 or btrfs, the kernel is by default not compiled into the kernel, but is loaded in the form of a module, which is not possible and must be compiled.

It took Zhang Chul time to convert the basic system of openrc into systemd. Because there was no systemd stage3 to download.

The key is to select the right file. After the selection, the package will be recomposed. At this point in time, if bad luck arises, the issue of circular dependence, which is difficult to resolve. A depends on B, B relies on C, C depends on A. Of course it's the simplest cycle of dependence...

It's not difficult to install, it's just taking time.

There is no difference between use and other systems, which are intuitively stable, and a fully tested package that does not affect the iterative version of the package.

But the problem with the system is also obvious and there is no official binary package source. Most of the software needs to be assembled and installed, which is a waste of time. Moreover, once there is a problem of an error in the codification of a software package, it is usually impossible to resolve itself.

That means it can't be installed at all. And the system is a steady and test version. However, some packages will be installed over a long period of time and will not enter the stable section. Many tags would be required to be installed, and for a few packages would destabilize the system as a whole.

If the system is not updated for one month, there will be an unsolved cycle of dependency. I heard that Gentoo Linux used to run a soybean server, and the facts were not known.

As for Gentoo's so-called Chinese community, Zhang Chi Chul-chul has taught them their superiority. An inexplicably superior. A small group of elites?

It's like they're in a game arena.

If these people are really idle, why don't they translate Handbook or wiki, and if these giants don't think they have the skills to translate the documents, it's a lot of work to do. Why not?

In fact, they did nothing. That's called Open-Eye Kong. They've rotted to a certain extent, and the newcomers are afraid to speak, and he'll “please” you out whenever you object to him. That's how Chang was kicked out.

Chapter 18, you don't know what's open but talk about open source

"Why don't you write novels with LaTeX, why with word?"

"Why don't you say LibreOffice is incompatible word, ms word is incompatible libreoffice?"

“Free of the Free of Freedom and Software Foundation means free of charge and free of money.”

"Why don't you use the GIMP, use the PS."

All this is a series of jokes that Zhang Jae-chul saw. Are those things he's talking about that are available?

The primary school student said that Libreoffice was good, so Zhang Jae-chul went to install an interface, without mentioning anti-human design, and said that he had collapsed in 10 minutes three times, without even a pre-crash editorial record, "Is this a human thing?" He doesn't even have a little two-four, only 12345678 of this kind.

The primary school says LaTeX works well, and Zhang Jae-chul hasn't seen anything good for a writer.

The primary school says gimp better than ps, and even worse.

It's even more fallacious for a pupil to say that Free is free, and Free is free, not free, which means that the open source of the fee is allowed. Microsoft's openThe source model is such that Microsoft is not, in fact, closed, he is a conditional open source, provided that a certain number of Windows copies are purchased and justified. Others say Windows is closed, which means this guy doesn't understand not only Windows, but also what it is.

It's just a cerebral palsy. That's where the simplest of the philosophy of misery is done, making wheels.

Such a man is even more disgusting than those giants, who not only lack the skills but also wander half the bottle.

His example of Windows seems to be nothing. Is that true?

Of course not.

Zhang Jae-chul, for example, is a NTFS file system that Linux will never be able to do in his life. This file system is more stable than what's called xfs ext, let alone btrs, which is a joke. As far as zfs are concerned, this type of file system is even more funny, and it can only be designed to expand and not be reduced.

NTFS, no matter how you accidentally cut off the power, he'll turn it on, and look back at Ext, this thing has no credibility.

What they most ignore is the compatibility of Windows.

Windows 11 in the 2021s, could even run the Windows 95 program 26 years ago, and even less needed to recode the source code.

It's not possible for any Linux system, and they couldn't even make it compatible a few days ago.

Their programs depend on a specific C library, on a specific kernel version. And none of this will change unless your Gentoo. Even gentoo is not free to choose. Linux programs are compatible? It's just a joke.

Others say that Linux software doesn't need compatibility.

Forget Macos, it's the strategic incompatibility of apples, and he can be compatible if he wants to be compatible, old software with old behaviors and new software with new behaviors.

Windows' graphical interface is stable for Linux for 100 years. Xorg and his so-called alternative wayland are two shit hills.

Open source software is fundamentally against the software project because the first step of it is not a user-demand design, so they don't care if the users can see or understand the role of the list of twenty-two unpresented icons in Libreoffice, or whether you can compile the program.

These primary school kids don't even have the common sense of these things, they come out of the bottle, and the bell rings.

# Chapter 19 #

Wang Jia (Deputy Minister), one of the two female ministers, stressed at the meeting that “You and the ministers of the College Student Council are in the same grade, because we are members of the School Students' Council, and you will be in charge of communicating with the ministers. Be more careful, don't take people seriously because of your rank.”

When I heard this, I began to say, “That college student council is not one level below us. How do you figure that lower level is already a regular student.”

Wang Jia heard his eyes and said nothing. Wang Wen-Lang, who was in charge of the record, stopped writing. This concludes our business.

Dismissed.

During in-house training, students are familiarized with commonly used forms of correspondence and with such methods as formatting adjustments.

– A message from the temporary session, “Happy yet to pass”, “Father, can you help me by adjusting the official form? I'll buy you chicken rice."

Zhang Jae-chul, a girl who, if he remembers correctly, should be called Lin almond, a more poetic name. She's shorter than Zhang Chul, eight feet tall.

The last time I saw her, she had the impression that she was a girl in a darker red dress. The blouse is a short-sleeve, some yellow. Looks a little soft.

Zhang Jae-chul just got out of class, and for various reasons, he said, "Okay, I'll be right over, you're in that spot."

"I'm waiting for you at the door on the first floor of the East gate of the school, my phone's out of battery, so hurry up, thank you" -- the image turned black without the return. It seems like she just said that the phone was really dead...

It took Zhang Jae-chul about seven or eight minutes to reach the East Gate Internet cafe from Building 2 (Computer Experiment) of the computer introductory course.

Far from it, there's a red man on the north corner of the eastern gate of the Qingcheng Teacher Training College, a little stranger and familiar.

Zhang Jae-chul came close and didn't know what to say.

She apologized for saying that her phone was dead and that she had no wire.

"Do you know how to install this font? The word of this Internet cafe has a problem."

Zhang Jae-chul looked at it and the font was installed. And then look at the request: “Title: Zhong Zheng Xiao Chong, small Zhong Zhong; Zhong GB 2312, 4; first-title italics ”

After adjusting the format, Zhang used her QQ to add her friend, and then sent herself a document because no friend could send a file.

Lin almond didn't say anything. "The next time I'll buy you chicken rice, my phone's dead, no cash."

Zhang Jae-chul replied, "No, it's nothing. I left myself a non-reform. "

Sun Bin asked, "Where did you just run so fast?"

Zhang Jae-chul said, "I'm thirsty. I bought a bottle of mineral water."

"Oh, no wonder it ran so fast." Sun Bin continues to play the game, he is playing Dawn Killer, a game to escape the killer from running the machine. Sun Bin and Zhang Jae-chul spoke before.

Turning on its own computer - G400, Zhang Jae-chul received a file that had not been sent to himself - and creating a new text file 2.docx.

The format of the inspection was changed in strict compliance with the requirements of the Ministers.

# Chapter 20, shrug

On the way back to the dorm, Lin was walking ahead and Zhang was a little behind her.

All of a sudden, the almonds with the black marble cover of the Introduction to Computer Science stopped and shrugged. Turning around, Zhang Jiu Chul wonders why he can't stop. The almonds have some red faces.

Zhang Jae-chul has no idea.

"I, suddenly, remember something, or you go first?" Lin whispered.

Zhang Jae-chul replied, "Oh, good. Bye."

"This woman is inexplicable," Zhang Ji Chul lamented with the green cover of Office 2013 and Windows 7 Foundation.

When he got to the dorm, he also got an expression bag from Lin almond. Thank you. Zhang Jae-chul said:

Sun Bin, with his headphones, can't hear you, "You keep your mouth shut, what are you talking about? Louder!"

"I said it's time to eat!" Zhang Chi Chul shouted. There were only two of them in the dormitories, and the rest of them had no idea where they had gone and had no idea where they were.

"Oh, I have five minutes to finish this." Sun Bin replied.

Zhang Jae-chul left the Office 2013 and Windows 7 Foundation on the table and covered his cell phone.

Sun Bin took off his headphone and took his cell phone and said, "Go."

So Zhang Jae-chul and Sun Bin are going to the canteen.

There are only two canteens, one in the East and one in the West. The general reaction in the eastern sector is difficult and expensive. But because he was lazy, he had to order food or go to the East Side.

Zhang Jae-chul has 16 dormitories for boys in the Western Sector, which are only a few hundred metres from the Western Cafeteria. The Western Cafeteria is called the Green City Source and has three floors, one or two is an ordinary canteen, the third level is not a teacher's canteen, but a small restaurant and a small cinema.

In short, ordinary people only go to the first floor, up to the second floor, the third floor only when the student group is built or class activities are carried out, and some students at the Qingcheng University have not been to the third floor in their university career, even though there are canteens on the third floor.

It is often said that bad currency expels good money, as does school canteens. The popular store usually doesn't find him in the second semester, or you don't have it.

There was a shop called Longjiang Pork Hoof, which smelled like a pig hoof, but the meat and eggplants were so bad. But unfortunately, when Zhang Jae-chul was on top of the food, the signpost of the store was still there, and people were gone. There's no one in this booth anymore.

It was bad money to expel money, and when there were more merchants with their bags, those who made them would be expelled from the market.

There is also a jar of jar soup that is barely able to enter, provided that one dollar and one egg is added and the shell is skinned. "It's a jar of jar soup. No meat. Zhang Jae-chul took a spoon and said that only a few bones had been found and not half meat.

"Let's eat, we don't have any money to take out." Sun Bin has nothing to say but bitterness.

They're potatoes. They don't taste, they don't taste. It's like eating a nest.

He stopped watching Sun Bin eat and put his hands in his pocket and later reached out.

"What are you doing?" Zhang asked Sun Bin.

"Repositioning. What else?" Sun Bin is sarcastic.

"Repositioning? I seem to understand what's going on.

# Twenty-one chapter. Magnificent.

"Ignoring the uncertainty of life

The world's a scoundrel.

It's a long way to go.

"I'm sorry for the greatness of the ocean, the brightness of the poor star."

— Title

Even in the face of a big city's concrete casket, with its rising and low head, there are numerous urban elites fighting for it;

Even now, 80 per cent of cars are self-contained, and in the future, even manual barriers will be completely eliminated, and countless people will have to learn manual barriers while studying cars;

Even if the universal meter price of the automatic scale is even cheaper than that of the manual scale, it would be crazy to buy the universal meter of the manual scale;

Zhang Jae-chul increasingly sees no sense in the existence of the Young City Teachers College.

Most of the events organized by the Student Council have no meaning, except for the waste of time, even if Zhang Choi Chul is the organizer. As a result, most people play their cell phones below, and some of them manage to escape from the conference after they lose their power.

Zhang Jae-chul, you stand at the exit of this door and those who want to go ask him what college he is and let him go again.” Zhang Jae-chul listened to the words of Liu Jialong, the only male deputy minister, who stood here at the door on the right as a doorman.

When the senior student was invited to tell the story at the motivational story fair, Zhang Jae-chul thought that he should leave his phone number and contact him, after all, because his activities caused the student ' s injuries.

"What's wrong with you?"

"It's all your chairs that slit my leg. I'm going to the infirmary." He left the reporting room at the top of the 3rd floor of the old library.

Wang Jia, the deputy minister, told Zhang Chi Chul: "You don't contact him. What if he asks us for money, who pays?"

It has to be said that the Aoi's considerations are meaningful, so where is the problem?

Wandering and the heavens and the earth is a difference between a drop of water and the Yangtze, without which the Yangtze will never be the Yangtze, but without a drop of water, the Yangtze remains the Yangtze.

Such is the case of the heavens and the earth, where the life of the floating is only in the morning and the evening, and there is no quarter. Is it true that human civilization never ends? Human beings are destined to die as a raceIt's one thing. So what is the meaning of human existence?

FreeBSD, as an operating system, is also destined to end and will be replaced by a new operating system. Even one day, like the most secure operating system in the world — OpenBSD — will face the sadness of init 0 because it cannot afford electricity.

Zhang Jae-chul came into contact with FreeBSD from a place called the experimental ladder. The curriculum there says that the common Linux has FreeBSD. Zhang Chul realized that the ladder would not be too high and that development would not be too good.

This is a small matter, but it represents a low level and a lack of revision of the curriculum.

Zhang Jae-chul, who is only responsible for cleaning up the sanitation of the venue, is helpless to have a chair to cut people. Maybe that's what Zhang Chul-chul stressed. No one can deny that a light bulb will fall, as long as Newton mechanics still works within its conditions, the light bulb will fall.

Any two elements are attracted to each other by force in the direction of the heartline. The size of the attraction is proportional to their mass multipliers, inversely to the squares of their distance, not related to the chemical nature or physical state of the two objects and to the intermediate material. Newton has the law of gravity.

# Chapter 22, Blue Sky

The sky is blue because the sky is so far away from us that the oranges outside the window are still brilliant?

The choice was made long before the dice, so it was a formality and did not really determine Zhang's choice.
。