# Section 19.7 Miscellaneous

#1 the principle of non-existent universality

The consensus about non-existence, as understood by most, exists not because it is genuine, but because non-existence formalism itself is universal. In other words, the perception of non-existence itself is limited to a certain extent. So-called humanized conditions. Universality exists because formalism is non-existent, not real, and is confined to the subject itself, which is specific to its existence, but the human race as a whole is a special subject, and internal contradictions are unified as a whole. So the perceived non-existence is often so consistent that there is consensus on it. The truth of the world does not determine the existence of all the emotions. On the contrary, I often feel that there are many things worth doing that should be recognized or those that have been forgotten are false, but there is no fundamental difference between the real world and the false world, even if everything is real or otherwise. It's just that.

# 2

It is often lamented that knowledge is difficult to find, and I have only seen the commercialization of this type of inner volume in the ancient arena today, without seeing much. In the years following the pandemic, it has become difficult for us to make any criticism of ideas. Everything that should exist has its inherent legitimacy, but is that what should exist? Does the meaning of the Internet bring people closer to each other, or is it completely distant? All the things that exist will be wiped out. What's the point now?

So is there any time to be set? If you think that all the marked locations are a recollection, is the existence of nothing a representation of flow and repetition? If no one else remembers and goes through, will these days really not exist in the world? What did people choose decades ago, and what are we choosing again? Is it clear or confusing that the growing number of people who are in possession seems to have become so much more aware? A man's early secularism means that he's ordinary, as he thinks. We can never know each other's true thoughts, just as we cannot really know everything about the world. The world that can be understood must be understood by its own perception. So, what's real? The false world is all over the world and seems to be declaring its existence a memorable thing.

It's hard for me to see a true competitor again in these days, and the person who can speak is actually a half. There seems to have been a long-standing agreement that the New Year should be different, and that every day has its raison d'être. Where is she? If it's true that, as was said earlier, all who can speak can speak well, the New Year's promise will come.

Today, back home in China, we find it hard to find a smell of firewood. The smell of wood in memory was always accompanied by an unknown yellow incandescent light, which was swayed until a loud bang broke the glass. And today's energy-efficient lights are so cold, but isn't there anything to remember? If we think that everything is the result of modernization, whether we have changed or the world has changed. A sweet candle shines everyone's face and gives us some comfort in the day when our hands and feet freeze. Shouldn't the fireplace be changed? Did the cans that were used to heat the tin cans again explode?

It is to be hoped that you will find more than a memory, but rather a glimpse of wood in the present. It is our sincere hope that all will find the sound of it, and that both the world and the corners will speak.

#3

In fact, I often wonder whether the meaning of life is inherent in it or whether it exists before its very nature and is given meaning. This problem is often overlooked for various reasons, usually because I am busy and have no time. It has also made the world ordinary more boring. Every spring night seems to have something announced, and I don't know why, I'm just getting bored. We've heard too much about it. Who really has a good life? The way of the thorns, as Anders had said, is glorious, and We see it as light. Even though they knew it was a small road full of opium poppy, their young friends were willing to take the road, rather than to level the path that had long been paved. Every year, it is said that the year has become bleak, only remembering a long time ago, when the subject of reading and understanding was read in a statement that the entire village had not set fire to fireworks that year because of the illness of its mother. I only felt the most moved by strangers. But today, things have become ridiculous, leaving the content, can form be? Year after year, one must remember something and do something, but what really deserves our memory is long gone. Those that are lost, and they're not remembered, are really dead. Whether we touch fish, lie down or have an inner roll, it's an anachronism, branded on our faces with knives. The King's Right Army said well, and the victory is difficult. Now the scenery is still there, and the people are dead. Then why is it difficult? We have a lot of memories that we can't remember, and perhaps there's always a painting in our hearts. It is not easy for the world to be free from the festivities of saying good words every year, and it is a blessing that you will not be lost and that you will find a pure self.

#4

2021 marks the 1,000th anniversary of the birth of Wang Anshi and the one hundred and tenth anniversary of the Xinhe Revolution. Although time has passed, both reform revolutions have had a significant impact on China and the world. Jianji, be praised as the greatest politician of the 11th century. The legacy of Nakayama has yet to be realized and is at the forefront of Asia. Every year, people spend a lot of time remembering things, some of them sad and some of them sad and much more, and we lose our original values and meaning. People say New Year's is a new year, but what's the geometry now? In the face of a flood of business and industry civilization, we have been forced to embark on a near-modern path, which is both helpless and an option. And whether you accept it or not, the sun continues to rise every day, as does the coming of a new year. We all say that there are smiles and tears, but there are no more people, and Scene remains, and the millions of Yangtze Yellow Rivers are trapped by time. This is the magic of the Creator and the source of our agricultural civilization. It is the Yangtze Yellow River that made us and its modest challenge that nourishes us all. The year 2022 was the twenty-second year of the twenty-first century, when all ideas and flames went out. People of every age have their first thoughts and their options. Everyone in the tide of time is the existence of history, and one part of the population decides the other, giving them the same opportunities and choices. The New Year’s promise is a blessing, and the Chinese are always confident and courageous about the future, and the crisis is still in place, but so long as we all go along with it and follow our own heart, it will be a success.

#5

There's no way out.

#6

They say it's a lost world, but everyone's pure, free soil no longer, and rock and roll no more.

#7

I envy the Yangtze, which is endless, flowing to the sea, and whose life is short and full of pain, and whose beauty, if no one remembers, is forever. And the flowers and the grass of the forgotten rivers have ended. And the Yangtze will one day cease to be loud, and the wind on the Yangtze will cease to be loud. The pain of life is full of life, and the end of it is calm, and nobody cares. Infinite words are words that can only be found in words.

#8

I want to write something, but I can't think about it.

#9

I think it is a normal thing to look for reality in a fantasy, and it is always the harshest, and it is understandable that a little consolation is needed.

So what's the real thing? The campus is almost over. Japan's movements are largely influenced by existential ideologies. This is no exception. What is the meaning of the truth in the spring?

I feel like my youth is coming to an end, and I've been through a boring study without a little joy. You call this youth real? I don't think so. The story always happens between people, even if animal novels are the extension and development of this relationship.

I have seen too many mean people, who are always too hard to speak, but do not reflect on whether or not they speak too much. And silence is a kind of cold-blooded violence, as is the ship of Toheus.

The hero of spring is also envious. Looks like it's going to be like this. It's not important, not at all.

Is spring a love story? Yes and no. What's the real thing? Nothing.

#10

And a new fire for a new tea and a poem while it's still young. Soko wrote that 945 years ago. I feel like I've lost something by accident. Year after year: Do not comfort yourself in idleness, nor lose the ideal by being blindly enriched. It's called youth. It is to be hoped that in the best years of other people's lives, you will find something. It is to be hoped that you will see a truly clear world in winter, with the most beautiful of yourselves.

# 11

The four main acts of confusion in life: Northward, autometric, casket, manual.

Northward wide: Where you're going, there's no shortage of labour-intensive industries.

Automatic scale: Buy a million-dollar watch to buy a manual scale, it's hard and easy to burn.

The casket: The high-rise building of the city is like a pile of caskets.

Manual block: There's no manual block in the future, now 80% are automatic, but all the school cars are manual.

#12

Flowers grow on the side, and memories are set for life. It is the beginning of his life that is removed from him, and for the rest, the fragrance flows through the back of paper. Love spreads over time and stops in the taste of life.

#13

More than 10 years ago, I was thinking about Christmas apples, not to me, of course, but real apples, or whether apples in people's hands were alone, because there was always no such thing as being sold. It is true that there is no longer a great deal of connection between a world in which you all work so hard to end up as an ordinary human being and only an ordinary human being in an ordinary world. No ordinary meaning.

#14

Some say that Twitter is a communications software designed specifically for older persons, and I am convinced that there is no night mode (to date there are no options for switching). And I don't understand why so many people are using a software that isn't so good that today they're the first fashion IM software. However, there is no silence in bringing together FreeBSD users who use Twitter. I don't know why. Everyone has a different life, that's all? There's nothing about FreeBSD.

If you don't want to be emotional about what you're talking about, you don't know where the main crystal ball and the cutter (2012) went before the sticker went. Maybe you lost your cell phone number. And so for me, looking at the laptop screen, thinking about the past, holding a public sign for FreeBSD, over 300 people over a year, and finally having to give up writing off because of disease.

Now, remember, it's like a late old man who's talking. And I don't like this sandbox game of my world anymore, because people who were able to play with themselves didn't know where they were going, they were scattered, they were scattered in the forest of life. I've been looking all over for FreeBSD-related organizationsUnfortunately, except for T.W., a telegraph community is not very active, and I'm trying to change my mind, but I'm getting a lot of grass. OpenBSD Bar still has my footprint, and it's been years, and no one can find it with a system. Faced with the triviality of life and its illusory enrichment, I became obsessed with it and, like some of the characters in the West East, I didn't know what was real, even though I had systematically studied the Chinese-Western philosophy, and my definition of reality was even more vague. And it's even more deviating from real life. I have nothing to do with people and nobody. I just care what's real. I am not going to look at forums that are in recession, and many forums that are either on the move or on a deer-by-eer basis.

# 15

People with cats are always happy. If it's orange cats, it's double happiness.

#16

It's not too bad that the era of symbiosis is so rare, except for the war. The probability of one billion is not too small, but if linked to the rest, it is not a very good time.

# 17

There's only one Song Shuai

# 18

There's light in my heart. Everyone is Degas. I think it's fundamentally different from Dejah Otmann and other Otmann.

# 19

Perhaps not too many people are destined to look at the sky, sometimes because of the thorny road beneath their feet, sometimes because of the fog, and more because of the inactivity. It doesn't matter, because the forest of life is so big that it is destined to get lost sometimes. And what happens when you get lost is the real yourself.

#20

Wang Qing has raised the German-Foot doctrine because of his personal situation, which negates the role of personal efforts. It can be seen that what happens in life is decisive to its theory, sometimes biased and sometimes false, but fundamentally sad.

# 21

I keep remembering things until I find them. The winds of yesterday's sky were also scattered around until the fragrance leaves passed through the southeast corner. How many lives can be thrown into the earth like ink? The two sides flowed north and south. Sometimes the result is landscapes, sometimes curses, and more common waiting.

# 22

A thousand words and a sigh. Wang Bo of 675 did not agree with this.

# 23

I went to catch fish, passed through the mountains, saw the stream, forgot the target, and ended up groaning about how to return.

# 24

When can humankind put aside hatred and prejudice and love and embrace all that exists?

# 25

If the basic elements that make up the substance are constant and constant, then, in a sense, everything is one.

# 26

When will peace prevail in the universe? Human civilization? What is the true truth?

# 27

Destiny, you little vagabond.

# 28

I cried when I watched King Tang's order and Lantin's order. Every human life ends, and decades have passed by in the shadows. He's talking about Bereshoma. Maybe it's time for the pedagogy.

# 29

The interests of the few were not guaranteed, and it was pointless to ask for the largest number of conventions, to deceive themselves and not to know if they would be given a share one day.

# 30

High-rise buildings are like coffins. Why has this become something for generations?

# 31

Which English do you learn? I wonder. Even the Czechs can't spray the evils of the education system.

# 32

The homeless may not all be lost, and those who return to their homes may not be lost. Where is my village?

# 33

The closer to the truth, the more reluctant people are to believe, the more disgusted they are.

# 34

The aim is not to select one, two, three, but to promote scientific knowledge, a spirit that encourages more ordinary people to participate. But that's not true. It's sad.

# 35

Walking away, never looking back, leaving nothing.

# 36

The only way to preserve privacy and rights is to have the highest authority of its own.

# 37

You don't know how much crap these people are just because you didn't have any contact before.

# 38

People who think they're not beads are just longer, they can't cut it all at once and they'll be pulled to the ground.

#39

I find that many people only exist in their memories and will never see them again. Or is it all you can find, just to see how much you pay? If that were the case, there would be no less, but clearly not. It's hard for us to find an aunt who sells egg-breads while looking for a child, or the one who rides you on a bicycle and exemplifies the importance of learning. If you can't study well, you'll be like yourself. From a perspective of professional equality, an inclusive society cannot be built and cannot be moved, if at all. It is only a shame that a self-proclaimed country does not look down on the bottom. All I remember was an old man who was fine and dead, and I knew it was three or four years ago. The costs are difficult for individuals to estimate and may be possible only by national machines. All the yellow dogs look the same to me, and I can call them yellow, so if they don't know from the smell, will they have the same problems as I look at them? It's not easy for a man to talk to, but it's hard for him to know. Who really likes him, except his parents, the orange cat or the yellow dog? But what if there is one?

# 40

Scrambles of water, glamorous.

# 41

To a certain extent, both Sendao and humanity are the same, with a great deal of uncertainty, and when is it to be the head of a man who loses his way without being careful, forgets that his first heart can go straight, but without a purposeless and repetitive advance? If the healer never treats anyone, is he still not a healer?

# 42

If you find a software that looks pretty good, but there's a lot of deadly bugs, or anti-human designs in detail, then it must be open-source software.

# 43

The flower, though re-opened, is not the flower of the past year, but it is it who belongs to himself, even though he has no youth. There's a chance to meet, one less.

# 44

The repetition of suffering fills the world.

#45

Every day is a practice, so that's the theory? I don't see any point in this insistence, but is it just hard? I still remember three years ago I asked what you liked and I said no. You read novels? No, you're that tall. You play basketball? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Play games. No, never. That's all. Dow's holiday year round, from early to evening. How does that work?

# 46

I just find it difficult to breathe and want to leave, and there are countless people who cry out to get out of this broken iron house. But obviously it's hard.

# 47

The importance of binary packages lies in the fact that there are always sources that do not make people desperate when they cannot be compiled because of strange problems. The source package, on the other hand, is a foregone parameter adjustment and performance optimization. From this point on, FreeBSD wins all kinds of Linux.

# 48

It's a long way from finding these things, and some ideas that seem absurd on the continent have long been realized in Europe and the United States, even as a matter of practice. On the mainland, this idea is not even allowed to exist. Once you raise it, someone will criticize you for being unrealistic. In fact, it is not unrealistic, but rather a number of departments that were designed to serve as management. Rethinking is not that we do not want to, but really that the land lacks free nutrients.

# 49

The origin of a mistake is that he was wrong at first. No matter how it is corrected, he is wrong. For Tian Dynasty, too.

# 50

Andre's phone, if it doesn't have Root, is a soulless phone.

#51

The beauty of life is eternal, fixed in a place where something is lost and acquired.

#52

In 1949, he was appointed 23-year-old head of the Benevolent Food Factory and secretary of the party branch.

In 2019, 23 years old, you wouldn't have reached that height, or even half.

# 53

The people of the farthest part of the world stood by, and perhaps the scenes seen in the first perspective were blurred and not changed. Such ordinary people constitute the body of the world, and the myths and myths that are glorified contain an endless source of faith, making plentiful life the best comfort. Is it not what the believers say, or what they want for the truth, or what is at its root or what they earn? When you talk about ideals or not, you turn back and you lose a few colors in life. What is the real world, Lu Dae Gil and the believers said, there is no real clean land in the world, but it is on its own. But if not, there is no more clean soil in people's minds. I believe that there is still one side to it, so that, despite suffering, there is no change.

# 54

Kyodong's child voucher buys law books. I think I know something.

# 55

We've always been there, and we're going to live.

# 56

Self-expression represents the interests of the majority of the population, but is viewed as a matter of necessity.

# 57 Oilpaper umbrella

Tilts of rain are woven in front of the ink window, and the students are sitting silently listening to the rain, unlike the nine lamps on the roof that tear the black sky open a mouth.

The next day, he waited a long time without seeing the teacher and many of his classmates went back to the dormitory. Some said that the teacher had been beaten because he had rejected the forced demolition of the school. Then, a leader met to warn us not to spread it, and I think this is probably the solution to the question, because they don't want to.

The horizon has on several occasions painted in front of the school building. He's finally here again, and he forgets everything, just management. Maybe this is real education. Nor did he say how hard he was living and how many people in the family needed support. It doesn't matter whether you feel loud or not, I think he didn't realize that all the pessimism was sublime. I don't want to know more about him, because everyone has their own shadow.

A longer time later, he wrote a report on the school year, saying that he believed that the false title project was not useful and that it was first and foremost to get the teaching done. When the school was talking about teaching and research, who actually knew? He taught management studies, but he's been in charge for the rest of his life. That's the biggest ridiculous thing. The social mobility of education is increasingly restricted, and many of our fellow students do not expect much from this science. The teacher doesn't care, and naturally we don't. I know it's possible we'll never see this teacher again for the rest of our lives, but we'll never see him again. During the rain, the oil-paper umbrella was opened; the rain stopped and the umbrella was closed.

What have we gained in this ridiculous rain? Maybe it's the freedom to open the oil-paper umbrella.

All the way down the corridor, one step at a time, the students were walking to the third floor with their umbrella. And he'll always be an associate professor. Life is painful, and there is nothing but an end or a practice. This is also the teachings of most religions. I think that if life was bitter, then it would have been sugar. After all, I knew it had been, and he was always chosen, and you became poorer, and he was more aggressive.

There are men and women who travel under the umbrella, and there are people waiting for the umbrella, while me and the teacher are waiting for the rain to stop. Different choices are irrelevant, because this clear sky is full of absurdity. I haven't really seen him since the last class, and I don't know if he saw me. But I'd better not see you again. Me and TotoI wish him well, but I can't say anything under his answer, "Oh." I'm scared, I can't face it. Life is the whitest and bloody thing, but I still can't face this little greeting. And now I have returned to my journey, and I am still in the rain, and I have no umbrella, and I am still thinking of the four words, and the meeting is set.

I don't pray for world peace. I only wish them well.

# 58

The sky is clear, the glass is transparent. A black-and-white dog lying under the leaves: the dog was digging a hole, and I was building a wall. It smells like dirt, but unlike blood, it doesn't smell like rust. One minute, life stops: a little weed is pulled out, roots are broken in the ground, scissors are cut, but the sun is not dry. The same is true for the leaves of winter, which cannot be naturally produced. There was no one, and there was only a cut-off of corn in the field, as if it showed a long time ago. At most for a few months, when this scene was repeated, the cellar collapsed, with a lot of sand coming down and covering up the rotten winter melon. The sky is blue, the Earth is blue, never stops.

#59

But what does life mean? He believes that life is worth living when it makes no sense. Does life mean anything then?

# 60

The philosophy of suffering begins with an incorrect purpose. It's arranged for clarity.

# 61

What's wrong? It means that when you're old, you confess, and when you're little, it's fun to kill insects. And then when I was a kid, I was guilty, I was guilty. What's respect for life... it's all about a book. I felt something wrong at the time, and it was a Buddhist thought that I had to make myself guilty... And then I looked at it, and it was true that it was a Buddhist who had given up his book with determination.

#62

It is a responsibility to keep life going, whether or not the cups come together to sound broken from the original dream.

#63

In a country where no organization can defend its own rights and one thing is right and wrong, but only stability and the good and the bad, we must defend ourselves. The result must be too bad for the good and too good for the bad.

# 64

In the absence of a system of regulation and oversight, ethics and law alone cannot work. In particular, there is a so-called lack of collective scrutiny. What groups do is not always good, for the benefit of the majority of the population, so the decentralization of power is the essence of Western democracy. While pilfering is a disadvantage, much more can be achieved without saying that there is no problem. One can't hide anything else.

#65

The rivers of life flow intermittently at the foot of the mountain, and when they encounter the lows, the sediments are yellow; others are like umbrellas in the rain, splattering towards the grass; the rest continue eastward, westward, or north-south without question, pouring into the memory. There is no beginning or end of the choice, and responsibility remains on the shoulders, and somehow there is only a dry waterway, a moment when life stops.

#66

Humanity and fairies look different, but one thing is very difficult. The goodness of mountains lies in the strength of calm, and the light of life lies in the barking of dogs in the night. It is no great tragedy that the thought of wisdom is obscured.

#67

These so-called elites or groups or classes simply do not see us as human beings or as human beings. It's an item. Just think about where it's supposed to be. What's supposed to be? It's all based on your own imagination. I've also met a few of those who are so typical that it's time to see if there's anyone who's in common, and if that's always the case, it's not humanitarian.

#68

Luminous. Mom's old again, and so am I.

The beginning of my memory is indifferent, and I know only that there is a place for me to go, and this is for more than 20 years, and it is a light life at this point that the "Face of the Dragons" will see their loved ones go old, their children go old, and their children go old. But I prefer existentialism, with all the human suffering and all the difficulties being made up of all kinds of non-selective contradictions. We are children, and it is absurd how everyone wears a mask, and the years are long and the beauty of life is only to be remembered as the continuation of life.

Everyone was planned for their role, whether it was the theft of the electric bottler car, or the introduction of the GNU plan RMS. Think about it, I have no friends. Ununderstanding is the greatest sorrow of the depressed. It is also as if being naive as a child is a mistake and can be arbitrarily blamed. But I'm happy?
Industrially wrong, Fired Hing. All I need is freedom, and I know that freedom and North Island say, like, torn pieces of paper. Life is free, but bounds are all. To become a middle class requires, first and foremost, capital accumulation and, in other words, money. On the other hand, accumulation must be faster than inflation and rise in currency and housing prices. This is unrealistic in China. Not at all. You try and work overtime, so your boss can get a new car next year.

Five oranges in the picture. And you do not know which of them are seed-free and which of them are seed-free, And you can't strip the orange test out of all your worries.

The joy of humanity is not inconvenient. I just think they are noisy. - Lu Xue wrote. I also know there are four ways to write the thorium and how to write it. It's the same as a kosher now. How long is suffering? Longer than my mother's life, because suffering is for everyone.

It's a lie to each other every day. Some people say they want poetry and far away, but isn't it true that there are no friends around? This is so sad. Searching for a half-life is still as plentiful as the water. The simplest thing to say is, it doesn't happen. If my mom could finish college, I wouldn't be here. But I don't care. I don't want to. Tomorrow cannot be expected to be better than today, because tomorrow is endless, and today is over, and the days that are coming to an end are limited and limited days are as happy as today.

Look at these oranges and remember the train station. Remember when the old train station was to be demolished, the reporters asked the next merchant, what would you do? The merchants laughed and said, "What can we do?" I do not know their end, because every one of them has such a story, and the end is different, so I cannot speculate and increase sorrow.
I do not remember a precise date because it has no meaning, and a date is only set for the purpose of building an idea that will keep people from the beginning, the heart of a child. Adults are not afraid of darkness, but some are afraid of the sun, and this is one of the strange things I see.

Looking back at one fifth of her life and one half of her mother ' s weakness, there is no sorrow or joy, and the pursuit of a lifetime is nothing but peace and peace for all. My memory is unmistakable, and my mother's memory is a pair of grass shoes and a cocoon that can't be cut off with razor blades. I do not have to believe in anything, nor do I speak to anyone by any means of communication, either instantaneously or instantaneously. Different languages, different worldviews. Half a life of despair is nothing but to become rich.

An ordinary day is the best place to wear down a man's will.

Look at the scent of the guacamole.

# 69

Shindo doesn't know which way is right, and humanity doesn't know where the end is.

# 70

It is true that they were poor before and now only to comfort themselves in being calm, and the moral discourse has reinforced this idea. With a year and four, it's like there's no friend around. Light is not water. I don't like to compare time to water, because the temperature of the water is like water for humans, and it's warm and well known, but the time is running. Who will find it? At a given time, I will lose time, and I will not miss the past, as I have done in the past, not the beginning, not the past, not the future. I'm me. Do I care how people feel now? That was me in the past, but think back. Who remembers how they felt? No one can care about themselves? I've had and even now have fantasies, and maybe someone really cares about himself. But to be clear, I have become a reality. Every day is ordinary.

# 71

There was nothing. Why is it even more distressing? I didn't want anything. I thought it was suffering. Maybe that's it.

# 72

Don't entertain others' youth.

# 73

In general, the more a theory, the less valuable it is.

# 74

It's not always like this. What's so surprising?

# 75

I have forgiven others, and no one will forgive me, nor can I forgive myself.

# 76

You're tired when you come up with the idea that there are dozens of possibilities that have been rejected by reality. The worst thing is not to give up, but you have dozens of possibilities that have not been tested. But I'll try it again.

# 77

I know the four ways to write back, but it's not a good life.

# 78

I rarely persuade others not to do anything, or to do something, and I understand that it is impossible for any of us.

# 79

Once upon a time, the tea was fresh and bitter.

It goes from heat to heat, and then it turns to acid.

# 80 # # Surgeon water

It should be a problem for many older people to get sleepy.

When they were young, they were restrained by their parents, listened to their teachers and feared that senior students would bully themselves. There's a concept of money that you can't afford, and there's no need to.

The clearest thing to remember is a dictionary and a toy gun. It's what I want most.

A young man in the classroom of 20 or 30 people carried a book saying that it was a dictionary. I can't remember the price, and there's no need to remember. No more than the price of this little Xinhua dictionary now is. He's good. I can't remember a word now.

He only sold it for two days.

I only got the money the next day. I went to school and found out that the dictionary was in the hands of my classmates, but I didn't dare to go out. I went to the office to ask the language teacher, and she said it was for sale, not for her.

On the third day, I waited a long time and no one was selling books outside the school.

Four years later I found the dictionary at the teacher's house. It's new.

Her son always calls me brother. Eight years later, I'm going to college. Her son played games at home, didn't come. The teacher came alone, and she sent me a wireless mouse, a USB1.0 for a disk and a 0.7 mm black carbon pen.

Remember when the teacher told us to draw the tourist attractions we were going to, and I painted a supermarket. The teacher didn't believe that I was lying to her. I looked at the table. I looked at the front. I looked at the back. I don't know or want to know where Tiananmen is.

What makes me ridiculous is, like a happy planet, where is my happiness?

I never cared about that in the past. When I met the Dows, I stopped thinking about it. Unfortunately, I haven't learned a thing about the family. When I was a kid, I used to be nice to people.

But I know, being a good man is hard. If not, it is not always rewarding, but often inversely. I often care about other people's feelings, but do good and don't ask for the future.

I've seen a lot of people. I don't remember many birthdays. I don't know my birthday either. Every time we find a 10,000-year calendar, we know that six months after the last birthday and six months before the next. Every day is the same, and I don't care. I just want to eat cake, that's all.

I don't have any friends either. My classmates are rarely my friends. The only thing I've talked to is a cell phone and a computer. Although sometimes they make it harder for me.

It's not as attractive as the view, or even scary.

I never play games, but..Everyone agrees I'm playing a game. Then I'll play games. I don't read much anymore.

I know I'm gonna be rich, but I just want to know when I've been happy. There are no other problems and complaints. I'm thinking.

I put the tape on the window.

My name should be very common. At least I've seen four of them.

She told me there was no story, but there was no money. Probably stupid and sweet always with me. But she's right. There's no such thing as money. That's not what I meant, but I really don't know what to do. After all, a quarter of the term has passed. I pulled a lot of people together, but I didn't do anything. I said we're lazy, we don't want to. People are lazy. I'm the only one. I'm on the stand. I brought a lot of less, but I couldn't go on. I have a problem with my sister-in-law, but it's different. I'm the one who's pissed off, who's in it, who says there's no time, and who says I'll do it alone. This is not my dream. It's none of my business. This is when many people are not in school, and I say, like Pong Zhi, that it's okay, that everyone is equal, and don't pay attention to him.

A lot of things I can't do, I'm tired, I'm tired, I don't do things, I feel meaningless. He asked me to do it alone, and I counted.

# 81

Destiny, in Japanese, in Chinese. So it is not right to simply say fate and fortune, and the term is indistinguishable.

# 82

The wind comes back in the rain and can hear the sound of the bamboo being struck.

# 83

How many memories we have become memories, the endless snow falls and the background becomes pure white.

# 84

When we don't teach our children to sing hymns or to sing mushrooms, I know it's right to start politics.

# 85 He's with the dark

If a person is to be introduced in China, and if his or her achievements are modest, then he or she should mention and see his or her ancestors. I'll take Zhang Do Maung as his predecessor. And he's got a little bit of a problem.

Wang Wang, Kawasu. On several occasions, he had had a less violent conflict with others because of his name, which was probably similar to me. As Lu Xinho said in the TV show of Ning Zhui, "The name is just a code name. What matters is, who are you after removing this code name?" Like, I was thinking, who's Wang Wang? Wangwang is the nickname for the QQ number, the proxy for the payment of the treasure, the proxy for the yellow little human image. Who's Wangwang?

I've never laughed at his name, probably just because of something like that. I just hope that if he had the chance, he could grow up abroad for a few cents of money and not for dignity.

Wangwang was also a patriotic youth at the beginning, and somehow it seemed as if it had become clearer to Zhao and less to talk about it. It was only when the rabbit was killed that year that he found out that only fur was swollen and only bones were inside and outside.

Patience seems really limited.

For the most powerless, life without advanced examination is incomplete and leaves behind a lack of life. I'm glad Zhang's life has a so-called lack of perfection. Zhang has not given up on the idea of a post of higher education. He does indeed love and is talented in this tradesman's work, in a position of silence for 10, 20, or even 30 years. None of us cares what the doorman's name is. Same, Chang. We all say that there is no distinction between a profession and a ruler, but in our minds, it's a lot more precise than a travel card.

I see it not only because he has this official craftsmanship, but also because he's his man. I don't know if human nature is evil or good, and I believe in Confucius Meng's point of view — humanity, good. There are not so many good people, but too many bad people, and others give a little benefit and think he must be a good person. Wander as if.

Last summer, roommates rented telecommunication broadband from Wangwang School. A term of about one semester, a few months before the end of the school year, the roommate refused to renew the contract because mobile broadband was cheaper for him. Wangwang cannot accept this fact.

This summer, Wang Wang told me that his roommate had asked him to buy some goods, to pay for them, to buy them back, to leave, to say he had no money. That's when you know, rich people, everyone goes to barbecue.

I am surprised that these two roommates are one person. I do not call it good, but condon. But Chang believed it, but for the good of it, without asking for the future. There are not so many bad people in the world, and there are plenty of them.

We used to say that the merchants were profiting, but anyone found a passion beneath the face of the city. It would be premature to judge Zhang on the basis of age alone. It's abominable and seems to be a solid image of the bad guys. Chang doesn't seem like much of a villain.

Look at the sky at night, it's cloudy. Zhang has a star in the middle of the sky. That's his desire for freedom. I can't even afford a barbeque at 11:00 in the middle of the night.

I should have no friends. I feel so bad with a group of people. The same goes for people. Childishness is so painful.

Wangwang, that's about it.

# 86

It is good to see you, and it is even more gratifying that most of us are now normal and not brainwashed by the ruling society.

We're a mess. We don't want to be rich, we don't want to be famous. We also know ourselves moving bricks, repeating activities that do not require our unique capabilities.

I'm glad to see that you can't recognize your brother or sister when you see them. We know ourselves.

We've been squeezed by trifles, nothing you're willing or unwilling to do, and if you want, you'll have regrets. We're all sore when we watch secularism and fight and kill.

I have been aware of how many people have left or gone without a word for years.

We have a choice, three or two chapters of the scripture, which may change, and you will find a lot of reasons, but the result may be less. Maybe it's pure no more sarcasm.

# 87

It's not really the dream of the author, whether it's a novel, animated or a television show.

The author is tired of writing about the role of Chen Longlife and the people and things surrounding him to express his memories and memories of youth. It is clear that he also wants to be such a young man and change his life. It's not so important that the hysteria and the author, who changes his destiny by reading, find that there's nothing left to do and that he doesn't care about living.

Just like Row Yong-ho's heart, like Apple, who started to love and agree with Marx's value-setting pricing theory, it's not the same thing as the rapid withdrawal of the fast version.

Maybe it's a teenage trip, just as it is:

It's not pitiful.

Not used to it, with a sword.

#88

I've learned so much, so many years of physics, I can't fix a fan.

# 89

A good man, a good activity. What makes sense is that at a critical moment, we can do nothing without a chain. If the problem that I can take into account is not resolved, then we can change. I'm too naive to believe that there's nothing wrong with keeping it in order. Who knows, from the beginning to the end is a complete surprise. It tells me that it's unreliable, it's not credible, it's not true.

# 90

Pull a bunch of big guys as mummies, pull a bunch of little whites.

# 91

The international version of the software developed as Chinese was better than the localized version of China, which was itself a form of discrimination.

# 92

I always see every role as important, and I forget that some people are destined to be visitors in their lives and will never even remember their names.

# 93

Is formalism opposed to formalism? I do not think that this is formalism, and it is difficult to first oppose formalism, and it is necessary to take a formal approach, the main point of which is to object to formalism in form. As long as the opposition is good, it is not formalism.

# 94

North Island is 68 years old and, although no longer a pessimistic young friend of Shutin's, it has not been possible to return to its homeland.

# 95

In the same difficult circumstances, we have all worked together, but we have forgotten that this is a lie and that everyone has taken these as true and even shed tears. This sounds absurd, and it is even more absurd and has to be admitted that this is the only truth remaining in the true world.

# 96

Even though the dream of the past is now real, what's the use of it?

#97

Only Chinese are good in English and few foreigners can communicate with us in Chinese.

# 98

OFO has enabled many unemployed car owners to re-establish their old jobs, and I cannot help but reflect on the revitalization of traditional crafts.

#99

One looked at the rain alone and saw another.

# 100

When the fragrance of green grass and the smell of clay were present, it was only dust that rose up and left no home.

# 101

A small error is always amplified in extreme cases, and the solution depends on one.

# 102

The surface is so calm that it rots to the extreme, so when will it be washed clean and clean?

# 103

It was stated that the national production system should never appear in any letters, and that programming languages should be exclusively in plain Chinese, such as linguistics, and that, since Chinese could not be spoken, it should be Latinized and Chinese. In fact, it raises a variety of other questions. Why don't you look at the original version of the photocopy? If you read the original, what's the point of translation? All your files are made available online in English, and all the English-language communication is Chinese. This is a source of self-confidence, but it is not a matter of concern. What's the point of changing the computer language area to English for English? It was meant to be human. Different languages, different worldviews.

# 104

Good to wake up and find everything all right. What difference does it make between being born and being a weed? We're better off with a tree, as Miko said. How many of them have returned to their homes and found their faces completely different; and how many of them appear to have known each other as though they had known each other, but they only pass by their shoulders. We were born, born, died in S. I'd like to jump out, but the loop, the sequence, the choice, the three structures in the computer program source code, the real world.

# 105

It's clear.

# 106

Get used to doing what you want, thinking you're innocent, but you're not. But how can nothing turn into something?

# 107

I don't know your birthday, my parents' birthday, your own birthday, and I don't want to remember. I don't think there's a special point when it's sad when you see a couple on TV having a big fight because someone forgets the anniversary.

# 108

The feeling of the past, that the light is the extreme of darkness, that the barrier is good.

# 109

Every world has great love, a path, great sorrow and great injury. Qingshan is the same, still the same. So, good.

# 110

A building that cannot enter through the front door is definitely not a good building.

# 111

Best of luck, best of all.

# 112

How many people are here, how many have given up so-called beliefs and principles for a short period of joy, how many have given only tears, and I wish I were the majority.

# 113

One cannot be replaced by another, and it is only saddening to see the unwitting replacement of some.

# 114

An ordinary day, though boring, is true. It is not just idleness that makes no sense, nothing more.

#115

They say it's the sunUnfortunately, the fog is always too big, there is no fog, but I've missed the best time.

# 116

It is hard to rejoice at the success of the studies, the fact that they have a career and have no marks on the wood, and the groaning of the mountains.

# 117

The wrong decisions of others have led us and their grief.

# 118

It's hard to be humane, it's hard to be true, it's hard to be true. Which one do I belong to?

# 119

Put it all down, and you'll see if there's hope, but it's out of reach. You'll find out how ridiculous it is, how ridiculous it is.

# 120

The old world has been destroyed, but has a new world been created?

# 121

Since I read Tan's book, I seem to know why Chinese computers are lagging behind.

# 122

It's been a long time.

# 123

The source of this suffering lies in your life, yet sometimes you yourself begin to question, doubt authority, question the authorities, doubt the world and yourself. You're not happy, you can change him, and instead, what does that mean? This indicates that the path of this human being is difficult and, while there are established tracks, a slight deviation is the other.

# 124

The results for those who dare to tell the truth are often not optimistic, because this is a ridiculous world, and the very existence of all this prevents you from telling the truth. What's the truth? The truth is you don't make excuses. Don't cover it up.

# 125

I think I'm starting to think of something.

# 126

Sometimes it's not important to look at someone else's body and remember what they were, whatever they did, whether they forgot or not. Just remember that there was a dream to fulfil him when the conditions were met. How can it not be a way to satisfy a desire? Many have become increasingly blurred in their memories, even themselves. Maybe their memories of me were always fragments. It is not for the sake of awakening a few people, but for the sake of freeing the heartless cry, whether it be the light or the sky, or the ground.

# 127

I'm not afraid of being deceived. I just want everything he says to be true.

# 128

The source of suffering is that you know that there is a cutting line at every point in the circle, and you can only turn around.

I still can't see the world

It's as if it never happened. Even if you look at it again and again, is it really what you wanted?

Put yourself in a bag, like the novel says, who is not, who is. It is hard for men, and it is hard for them. I don't know, I just can't let go. It's still holding up. All kinds of causes and consequences cannot escape, and difficulties persist.

Everything is, please believe, yes, no, no. It's all on your shoulder, and it's all ordinary.

#130

It is better to be a monk than to stay away from the dust and return to nature. But they are convinced that the guidance will not cease, and that the rivers and mountains will be green.

# 131

History is a repetition of all human beings and a repetition of their history.

#132

Life is so short, people die, with only a pile of bones, obstacles and hair.

# 133

Life is too difficult, and success and failure are only small probabilities, and more painful than these are those who fail to see and to see for themselves.

# 134

And while I hate the hypocrites, I'm changing myself.

# 135

The continent is invisible, and the red flag is filled with green mountains. There's no real taste in the world. Sadly, I have done nothing but lamented by the loss of consciousness and the fact that I have only long sleep.

# 136, the big night theory

Living in a dream, waking up and not knowing what pain is. The end of the future is long set, but the struggle to live is still cowardly.

It's like a virtual machine that runs in a physical machine. It's always real. A sad life has been designed, whether the State machine has set us up as students who love their country and people, or whether we are unwilling to do the right thing.

It is now all over the world, and it's no reason to be too late for what it is, to comfort itself, to urge itself and to believe that it can make a difference. It's like a lot of people can see through, they can see through, they're alive, they're free. Smile to the heavens, "What good is it to see? A lamenting cloud rises and falls, and there is no sad fog, and I have no way out.

When young, a cup of tea overflowed, a tragedy failed; it would have been better to spill all over. It's not the other thing that leveled our angles, it's the same thing. It's all the same that happens when people don't know what to do and don't want to be used by others, but it's all the same. It is no coincidence that the great events in the world are better than an incorruptibility.

The idea of material evidence is incorrect. But I think he's right. I'm not going to sacrifice myself for something. What if he's wrong? I didn't have a chance to prove it, and those who did get it were just unknown, full of uncertainty. From the above point of view, it's too late, and it's too late!

#137

Can't you see what you're after, what you're obsessed with? Or is it only a vow that was destined to end?

# 138

Alas, water is good for all things, and they do not dispute. There are many who think that they will hide from the forest of the mountains, and that they will stay away from the earth, and that they will have a share of peace, but they will not dispute, so no one in the world will be able to fight. A man who does not dispute anything, who does not dispute with the sky, who does not seek to live long, who does not see. SONG Young-suk is not sure he can do it. It's not nothing, it's nothing, it's hard, but the water is longer than it and it can be eroded along it; it's not as far as the canyon, but it's variable. So, good water.

# 139 exists and doesn't exist

I think formalism is the real existence of the world, and everything else is not. What's real? What is exposed through human feelings and analysed by so-called rationality is not really real. Previous views have held that this has led to agnosticism such as Kant's own body. Although Kant was based on agnosticism, it had to be said that Kant philosophy was a formalist philosophy. In other words, any existence in the past was a formism, not just an agnosticism. Formalism is the real face of the world. The existence of all human beings is humanized and is essentially a non-existence that does not exist in the so-called real world. That is, the perception of existence is a non-existence, and the thinking reflects not the existence of realism but of non-existence. What is not implicit in this existence is not its very existence, but its formalism. A presence that has been processed by people is a known non-existence. In the past, Kant's point of view reflected only one of them, namely, that he realized that people could not recognize the appearance of the so-called real world, and that all that existed could be understood and grasped only by humanization. But is it true that people know and know? It's possible, but probably not. In other words, what one can recognize is not real existence, and what the very existence of the object is limited to people themselves. But that is not the key to the problem, and even if the perception of existence is that of the kind of existence that is willing to emerge, it is not possible to recognize the real face of the detachment of the existence itself. Existence is perceived as subjective, and there must be some formalistic element, if there is no such element. Then such a presence is itself non-existent. Formalism is not the absence of content, but the existence of a real source and the only real existence. This is due to the perceived existence of all non-existence, which is in itself a manifestation of this formalism, not to the fact that it contains elements of existence, but rather to the perception that it is formalistic, or human, existence. From this point of view, humanization is formalism. The perception of material existence remains within the confines of humanity ' s own perspective and vision, which is due to its own limitations. So where does human awareness come from? I believe that the essence of human awareness is a process of humanization of existence, a process of formalism. Where there is one, it is only through the process described above that one can become non-existent, and one can only recognize non-existent and not exist. The process of reading the text is itself a process of re-creation by the author, and the process of understanding the existence is no different. All human perceptions are formalistic and non-existent. And there is a real face, and after formalism, there is no longer. The real face here is not about the nature of the existence, but rather about the absence of formalism. Because of the true nature of the existence, it may also be that it is not a existence, or that it may be another form of existence, i.e. non-existence. Is it equally true that people do not exist as a product of formalism?

# 140

The Yangtze is not endless, and there is an end in the universe, but in comparison to life it is time that is different, and it is essentially the same as the Yangtze.

# 141

The song "Swallows" reminds me of a book from elementary school: For one year, Switzerland was called upon to use the train to send swallows to their warm homelands because of the steep decline in the temperature of geese. Where is my village?

# 142

I smell wood burning, I always think of things that I don't know, but the trails are getting lighter. The ban on the burning of fireworks has made the yearn taste faded, and has no longer maintained relationships.

# 143

Through the fuzzy windows, look to the abandoned train tracks, and it's about to spill out. In the middle of the night, the bellows disturbed the static frame. The train is still moving forward, and the train has been on and on for the rest of its life and has not stopped. Year after year, suspended.


# 144

Ignorant people are the happiest, and if those who are ignorant know why, they are twice as happy. (Note: According to Plato: “I don't know what I don't know, it's double ignorance.”

# 145 Find the way

The search is the search for truth, the search is the search for the source, the search is the search for the path.

Someone's place is the river. In the poem of the Proclamation, the North Island once said, “In the absence of heroes, I want to be only one person”. And we're just, like, ordinary people who want to be heroes even if they're dead.

It is always hoped that the next day will be the source of our actions, such as Mi's propaganda, “forever believe that good things are about to happen”. How much has the world suffered? It's gay and gay. We meet comrades, classmates and fellow citizens in suffering. Similarly, growing up in misery and nearing one fifth of life, we have made many seemingly simple and difficult decisions. We miss not that time and place, but those figures and events.

I told a lot of people that the meeting was done. People are too complex to be as pure as they used to be, but today they are full of conspiracies. There is no need for hymn and people will know who is really good for themselves. Some live as orphans, even though they have both parents. And then it got kind of sobered up.

Fear not of frustration but of the people in their hearts.

"The laws of nature and nature hide in the night. God said to bring Newton to life! The world is shining.” If it is necessary to say that everyone was born for one purpose, then it is living and transforming China and the world. Find some law, find yourself.
This is a question that many hallucinogen novels have, and this is an inevitable question for every phantom author, which is, "What's the word?"♪ ♪ ♪ It's ♪ Most of our cultures do not have strict and precise definitions like mathematics, because they are not at one level, one philosophy and one science. I hope that this matter can be seriously considered.

Life is a mess, but it's too late. It's hard to get through. People change, the King of Shadows decades ago, and if he's still alive, he's more than a star. Knowledge changes fate, art inspires life. It is not right to ignore art at all, and it is not right to think that there is a reward.

Some people might spend their whole lives in math, like Chen Jingming, but I prefer his mentor Juarog because that's the real mathematician by my standards. It's not just for yourself, it's for Hiro. It is not always true what happened in the past, but it can be evaluated, and how it is evaluated ultimately depends on the individual, whether or not there is a uniform normative standard.

The first idea, whether in-depth practice or not, is of paramount importance. The long-standing lack of imagination and innovative capacity-building has led most people to neither think on their own nor seek criticism. So one idea is important, and we say, "I have a bold idea," and I don't think it's necessary to mind, for example, that many of the so-called heart chicken soups have stories like, "A man is admitted to HR for picking up paper trash." It's purely an author's fantasy, but when you think about it a little bit, HR doesn't want a cleaner, and someone else will do it, and the company won't hire you if it doesn't have enough expertise, just so-called details.

The reason for this large market for chicken soup is the illusion of success: it is only as long as it is in the interest of social development and is carried out on its own. But it's good to forget about it, and it's not necessary to do it on its own, because it may not be appropriate for itself. It's like the philosophy of the front, how to do it, depending on the individual, the author can't help us. So I am in favour of not forgetting, but always opposing.

Learn, find, Hiro.

# 146 rabbits

For rabbits, I've only seen two colors, one gray and the other pure white. It doesn't matter what color rabbits prefer. It's hard to say, but gray may be more than rabbits.

Cats don't seem to have any contact with rabbits, cats don't eat rabbits, unlike dogs.

Dogs always find a way, not only to eat rabbits, but also big rabbits. Rabbits like light, I'll try 24 hours to meet this need. A 100-watt, incandescent light bulb, with a strong yellow light, lit nearly 20 metres.

In the evenings, the male rabbit mixed with the female rabbit. It also took a long time to think about it and then to separate the mother and father from her mother, so that it would not happen again. After all, running around, noisy, unable to sleep.

The rabbit doesn't seem to be barking, and it's hard for me, after all, not to hear it; as for the rabbits, there are a few teeth, but there are two on the face, there are a few in it, and I haven't studied it very carefully.

Many times, when a female rabbit gives birth to a little rabbit, we find that the little rabbit is usually in a state of death. It was only after several studies that the female rabbit was thirsty and without water, which was somewhat embarrassing. You've been filling it with water ever since.

Somebody might say rabbits like carrots. But it turns out it prefers to eat buns, though it chokes to death. But I don't know why it likes buns so much. So I decided to quantify it later. I can't just throw it all over. I'll choke it.

I have no opinion on their lives or their deaths, nor on my own. After all, I think it might be better to live than die. But maybe, maybe still, fear.

The rabbit in the nest wants to go out, the dog outside wants to go in.

Rabbit, not once, never turned out. It's been a few times, but the rabbit got bit and the big rabbit was alive. After all, it's hard for people to catch a rabbit, and I don't think it's easy for dogs. Besides, dogs are not always hungry.

Everyone said they should, but I wanted to say, put a hammer and run away. But what world is out there? I don't know, and I can't let him get away, that's all.

Yes, the three of them should be a generic number word, the complexity of the holes it digs is inconceivable! I almost let it dig through with the male rabbit, but I put red bricks on the bottom.

Many people say chickens are rectums, so we rarely see people raising chickens at home. But it's basically in the chicken coop. For what? Just say it, just eat it.

In fact, I don't want to dwell on it. There's nothing to talk about. Is it just a ball? They're grass eaters, so there's nothing to stimulate.

Most of the time, I grabbed rabbits with two ears, but I always felt bad, so I grabbed rabbits with my neck. Find big ears.

Actually, if I had a chance now, I wouldn't have had rabbits anymore. It was only after New Year that he had to kill a few rabbits, and it became clear that he might be like a cat and have a lot of hair, but without meat, the taste was really bad, that's all.

It's like a lot of bad things, but it's not like he eats anything.

I don't eat anything but buns. And I don't like buns either, of course, and I don't hate it.

I don't know what they think. After all, my rabbits don't eat this stuff. It's hard for me. Most people have been reading all their lives, but still don't believe in science, and I'm helpless.

Of course, these rabbits end up selling out. Of course, the other party was not a meat cook because he was deliberately separated from his mother when he was arrested.

But one thing to say is that rabbits must be clean without cats. All turned into little gray rabbits.

In general, animals tend to have feelings over time, and people always do.

But. They're always looking for excuses. It's like that cat. I haven't seen a living rabbit since. I don't want to see you again.

# 147 simple

and the Unblemished and the Unblemished, There's only a few cats on each other. The paper of hope on the tree, the name on which is slowly drenched and dyed with rain. If the original wish had not been fulfilled, it would have been forgotten. The warning tablet shows the best path, and it is all a mockery of those who face down the mountain.

The mountains are green, the clouds meet. I don't like flowers and flowers. What good does it do when people die, when they die, when they become the same? People have built a great world, and they lock themselves into it. Is there a path here?

The bookstores were all in the ashes. The men and women of the town's demon towers are intermingling.

The sun in the town seems to be rising further, looking at it, it's the fog that is pouring over the mountains. People during the rainy season do not care what others feel, and the presence of each individual is probably limited. It's better to argue for profit, or it's easier to see, and it's better to see, but it's better to see.

This ridiculous world is interwoven by fine rain lines. Perhaps the best way to wait until the rain stops, knowing that there is no umbrella. The place where it was, the fragrance, and a few white smokes. The lack of the wind, perhaps the wind.

When they were young, they were unable to make a decision for themselves and made a bet at random. Who knows, a note is 15 years. There were a lot of people, and bets were the world, the ridiculous world. Dreams of the world and dreams of absurdity. Love leaves the road, and there's only one red.

Walk as you wish, cut the sun. Poison mushrooms, like purple poppy flowers, are grown on rotting trees, and in reality on the other side. There is no sense of loss when it comes to seeing the sun and the sun rises, but it is not what the people want.

The meaning does not exist, and it exists only to prove that it is a forest. Pulling out all the grass, you can see only the remains of the skin. In half a sugar day, you can only ask for sugar for some warm comfort.

There are roads in this world. Sitting is only a formality, a conspiracy and a trick, and a mean man comes and goes. The rabbit bit a bun and choked. Drinking thought, ah, shout! It's moving where people don't come. The limit of light is darkness. What should we do? We can only decide about the past, and the future tea has a fresh taste.

And if they decide to leave, then it is better not to see, and leave a memory. This is a sad and impotent manifestation.

Tomorrow's world, swords build the Wall.

# 148 FreeBSD with Cat # # choose 1% of life

Many people think FreeBSD is an operating system, and it's really bad for the desktop. There's no denying that FreeBSD is. FreeBSD's little demon is its symbol, representing the guardian process and its fork.

To tell you the truth, it's ugly to my aesthetics. So we don't use this in our campaign icons, but instead we use a more beautiful alternative.

Yesterday, I was asked what the use of the public domain is, what is the use of making money, what is the use of not being widely promoted and not being able to make money? This is, in fact, the difference in values created by the different levels of each individual's needs, and we need to ignore it. What I have already said in the previous article, " Practicality and the Retreat " , is very clear and will not be repeated. This is a headache. The old sayings, the different desires are not friends, the different ways are not conspiring, and the time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and again.

FreeBSD, what is it? We all know that the iPhone system is iOS, MacBook Pro is macOS, our normal phone is Android, the computer is Windows xp/7/8/8.1/10. Maybe computer students have also come into contact with Linux. FreeBSD is an operating system at the same level as them. That way, maybe more people know what FreeBSD is. But FreeBSD is rarely installed directly on our mobile phones, and it is more embedded equipment, like routers, or servers.

We know that hardware requires work, which must be driven by a bridge linking software and hardware. Play games, for example, must be driven by graphics. FreeBSD supports only a small number of hardware equipment, or very poor performance, because of copyright and vendor support issues.

It's a dead cycle, similar to what is currently known as the national operating system, lacking an ecological environment: users don't have to -- there's no need to develop -- without support, how do users use it? Use something else.

In fact, it is clear here that an enterprise has an ethical and business foresight, and it is distressing that most domestic enterprises have a narrow, ethical vision. A penguin supported Linux for months and then went to the building and left a beta version. Instead of updating her progress, she said why the user chose 1% of his life? In contrast, the software used to look at foreign firms is mostly platform-wide and there is no systemic discrimination.

Choice is free and unchallenged. There's a lot of questions coming back. Why do you use FreeBSD? It's old-fashioned.

What does it have to do with cats?

I don't know whose cat it is, but it looks like nobody fed it, and they just gave it to me. And then I was afraid it would run away and put it in a cage. But after eating it, there was never a thought to sneak out.

By the time it was released, it had changed from a black catThe flower cat, mostly yellow and white, and part of the forehead is black. We don't name animals because we don't know much about it. What's the point?

The cat is probably the best cat I've ever seen, because I can't remember it now, even with dogs and rabbits. It was only to remember that one night, when I woke up and saw a hedgehog, I grabbed a plastic bucket and put it on the land, thinking the next day. Remember the next day, you should put a few red bricks on the bucket. Since then, why didn't you put a brick on it? As the sky wished, another hedgehog tried to cross the aisle, and I grabbed a gust of hedgehogs and put them on the steel plate, and pulled a barrel and added three or two bricks. This time it's not running. The hedgehog's nose is the cutest. But the species doesn't seem to like foster care, so let it go.

Cats like to sleep. They sleep long. Sometimes it's better to be a cat.

It's probably years old. The only difference between it and the dog is that it can escape the lawn. It was sitting on a coal-fired stove, and the hair was almost lit; it was lying in front of the electric heater, and the beard was burned. Probably its nose wasn't colored by me.

Cats don't bite, they scratch with their claws. Half-deployed animals are worth it. It rarely screams and often puts dead mice under the bed. I just knew this cat was a mouse eater. I've always wanted to fatten up the cat, hold it better, at least like a rabbit, who loves the sun and walks away.

It sees me, not licking me like a dog, just opening my eyes and then continuing to sleep.

The street is almost demolished, leaving half of the ruins and half of the snack stand. It's going down here. It's a rental house. I just remember to keep it inside. I couldn't find it during the day. I haven't seen this cat since. I've never had a cat.

#149

Ignorant people are the happiest, and if those who are ignorant know why, they are twice as happy. (Note: According to Plato: “I don't know what I don't know, it's double ignorance.”

# 150

Ignorance is the only source of happiness. If the ignorant also think they know everything, it is double happiness. But it is not ironic, but in fact, I want to have happiness again, double or not.

# 151 Modernity is an illusion

The so-called modern and modern civilization and modernity are mere illusions. We remain and will remain in an uncivilized era. All modern history is ancient history and the history of underdeveloped civilizations.

The so-called modern society or civilization is only a superficial appearance, whereas in reality there has been no real fundamental change in the nature or state of humankind.

Is the civilization and progress enshrined in modern society real?

I believe that “civilization” or “modernity” is a relative concept, not an absolute state of affairs. And so-called “civilization” may be just a veil or an illusion.

The mere absence and impossibility of an ideal society or a society of the same kind can only be a hoax.

# 152 The hopeless theory of human civilization

The poor roots of human civilization dictate that there can never be qualitative progress in human civilization. It's in step with human evolution. (Clock exists here)

The biggest problem with the so-called self-proclaimed atheism and any de facto absolute atheism is that no one can control them, and they are not even afraid of hell. Then they would do a hundred times more terrible things than the devil, and that is also proven by the fact that they see all people not only as ends but also as means.

But you must understand that this is an issue of the times. We live in such an era, and so will any time. Human civilization is hopeless and has no meaning whatsoever, determined by the poor nature of humankind. No matter how much you modernize, how technology develops, it's the same, and there's no hope for humanity. Human civilization is hopeless, and I've come to understand this fact, and it doesn't make any sense what you say to me. Every time it's the same, no A will come B, no B, no A. What's the use of this? The existence of the entire human race has no meaning, and human civilization is an illusion (all mathematical sciences are not sufficiently decisive). So only aliens can save humanity. But aliens also have their worst roots, so they can't save humanity. The stagnation of modern philosophy heralds the end of human civilization.

# 153, who am I?

Am I a body of sensory perception? Did I really exist when I left my senses? These perceptions could well be AI simulations. Close your eyes and hold back everything you get from your senses, including words and words. I find nothing but pure absence, because even darkness is a sense, just as a blind man born without feeling darkness or nothing. I find it strange that I've been dreaming that there's never been anyone in there but myself. I doubt that's the real world, but it's also the face of it. That is to say, the world does look like this, but it is not complete, but part of it is revealed by dreams. So I get it. Dreams and today's world are real. There must be one way to show us the other side. Just like three views. But how to prove it. I think the so-called reflection theory is part of it. But, on the other hand, how can it be false to say that reality is not a dream? So-called dreams are unclear, non-continuous images. It is often contrary to so-called logic and science. And soon to forget. But these logic and science are lessons learned in themselves and are not necessarily true and credible in themselves. But considering logic and science itself is not credible. You're using this standard to judge. If logic is not credible, then does logic lead to logic that is not credible? Is the existence of logic, language, symbols a fait accompli that frames meaning, just as structuralist deconstructiveism, we are controlled by the unknown behind it. So the real difficulty lies in going beyond the world to prove the world's truth, and there is no other solution than assuming that God exists. Because it has already been said that empirical theory is not an all-embracing proposition and does not have universal certainty. Many explorations within the framework of reason will ultimately only lead to mysticalism, such as the incomprehensible theory of Wittgenstein, which itself often implies or directly presupposes the existence of God. And, in the end, Descartes did not really put everything on hold, and he retained logic, language and text. There is even a question of circular reasoning in the logic. That's why so many philosophers believe in God. The problem itself meant going beyond the world and became a religious theology problem.

Assuming there's a closed environment, there's AI, AI can create the other AIs. I have not denied that everything in reality has been transformed by human activity, such as the towers. But that doesn't mean that they've been transformed into human beings and have natural physical properties. If human beings and the environment themselves are fake, then everything is fake. You can say that everything that exists looks real, like emotions, buildings, rivers. But they're all inherently fake and meaningless. I find that what has been done is always self-evidently and implicitly material. That's not right. If the materiality of the practice itself is in question, how can this activity be given material attributes? And the materiality of this practicality itself cannot be proved, because human beings cannot understand what exists beyond human perception, unless you rely on God, but that means that you do not have such attributes.

You say there's no such possibility that we're just living in an animal. So the so-called people and their relationship are nothing, because you can't back that possibility.

# 154 Welcome to the High-Risk Classroom

Both Tokyo and Tokyo are highly developed as university-affiliated secondary schools. 100% distribution of the package, and it's a big company, and it pays another $5,000 a month. He's kind of like the Big Moon School in the Spirit of the Band. But he can only graduate six or seven long months.

The power set is integrated, not just learning. Learning to have an exam (such as a paper test) also requires grades, otherwise they are eliminated. He's got a little bit of a setup, not strong enough. It should be a personal or group credit system, rather than a class as a whole, and graduate. In his play, he dropped out of school with less than half the average score, with a score on the basis of merit. Higher grades are not better than other classes, and higher grades are not useful to individuals. The drop-out would result in significant class deductions. Don't you think the name "Welcome to Classrooms of Power-Presistism" should be changed to "Welcome to Classrooms of Collective-Presistism"?

An association of students, who also make up a large percentage of Japanese schools, is totally non-existent.

# 155 "A teacher of bad magic and taboos"

This magic is boring, just one episode. And it feels like there's a lot of logical errors in setting. There can be no one to study the magic break. Where else does the magic spell come from? And a break/leave on magic. First scholars often do their own research (for example, forget which sentence). What does it do to you? What's the point of not knowing? And his explanation of the essence of magic is the mind. But then it's about communication. Literally.

His presentation showed that magic is only for the heart. Magic can have many different ways of singing. But this does not explain the essence of magic. It can only be said that magic is not the only form (or that the power of the individual is infinite if it is interpreted only as a function of the mind).

And he explained that magic works to kill people. It's what magic does. It's not magic that depends on killing.

And magic is not something in shape. It's specific. So the thinking of the world is the same as that of the world of science. So I think there are problems here.

I think the question of magic can be divided into the study of the use of magic and the question of the meta-magic nature of magic. The latter, by its own magic, cannot produce results.

There have been novels, such as Harry Potter, that made similar assumptions. Modern magic, for example, is a short version of an ancient language. This seems to meet development needs. But his Japanese is kind of ridiculous.

If this form depends entirely on spiritual insinuations, how do you explain his effectiveness for all those who learn magic? It doesn't make sense. So magic is a spiritual implication that doesn't make sense. There must be a magic spell that does not depend on the heart. That seems to make sense. Magic is what the heart suggests. It's what it feels like. Whatever you want, the spell doesn't matter. It doesn't make sense. How do you explain the nature of the spell? How does the spell work for everyone? What about the form of the spell?

Why do these magic novels have problems with basic design? I don't understand. And these magic novels don't even have an academic institution. Their magic doesn't need progress? The hero had written the magic textbook on the wall, but he had not written a copy in his place. How does this develop magic? The magic world is dead.

I don't know what the point of his deletion is. It's normal for beginners to forget some, or only some. And even if you don't know, won't you try it on the spot? And guess, funny. And even if he says that some magic removes or alters part of it to the right, can he prove to the right for everyone? Why would he say that to the right? His experience must be true? Even if everyone was going right, he couldn't prove it was going right.

# 156 Relife

I feel this logical paradox. Say nothing because it's short.

The fact is, however, that there are countless people passing by on a daily basis. Even know people. I don't mean people are dead. It's like a groupFriends, he doesn't talk, he's dead, no difference, you get him back to talk, no point. First you don't want to do this, second he doesn't want to. Isn't it a few years since everyone was together? I think he has a logical paradox. In practical terms, talking is dead. Only those who speak are living for themselves. It has nothing to do with the physical health of this person. The dead are everywhere. Haven't we lived on the graveyard?

They'll disappear, they're gone, they're gone, they're dead. He unloaded all the chatware you used, and even if you licked it, it wouldn't help. Sooner or later, all the chat groups become digital graves. It's not funny. Realism and herd are bullshit. Nothing is left behind, and so is reality. The screenshot is not a picture of Saber, no difference. Is the world big? Why does it feel so small? It doesn't make sense, either the group or the reality is bullshit. You don't even know the longest person you've ever been in, and you don't want to. Who wants to make friends with their colleagues?

I don't remember. Everyone's busy, and the world should be so beautiful. The truth is, they've just changed a place to brag. It's a comfort to be full. If they were so busy, they should be given the US President’s seat, after all, with hundreds of tweets every day. It was countered that Trump was probably not busy, so it would be appropriate to arrange for these people to enter the work of the United Nations — which, after all, most people thought was of little use to them and was in line with their busy schedule.

# 157 Sobbing works

I've been looking at them all day. We still don't know the name of the flowers we saw that day. In April, you're lying, you're buried, you're buried, and you're on the other side. In conclusion, it's boring to draw strange pictures, slow stories, design stranges, tatters, messing around. It's just normal, but it's more depressing. The truth is, the more you know the boss, the less he values you. He won't talk to you. There are so many prototypes in motion that have not been demolished for more than a decade. It's incredible in China. Even the Hwang crane building and Beijing City are simply being demolished. It makes no sense to create invisible sobs. The lives of ordinary people are sad, boring and sad enough. Are these works invalid for someone who's already depressed? It's the same thing, the Okja market, the time is gone, and the food is still delicious and even more so.

# 158 Harry Potter-Hogwarts World

There's always someone in Hogwarts to promote his natural sciences and his higher mathematics, including calculus. It has been written that people in Hogwarts eat wild mushrooms because witches do not learn biology and have no common sense of everyday life because they are not baptized by science. However, in the first grade of magic pharmacology, the textbook is called " A thousand Magic Herbicides and Grapes " . The gills are all fungi, mostly mushrooms. In other words, you know how to judge a magic creature more toxic than mushrooms, and you don't know how to treat mushrooms? Still in the natural sciences. And the knowledge of non-magic Hogwarts, called Muggle Research.

Why do people always think natural science is higher than magic? Natural science was empirically summarised, universality was not guaranteed, and its foundations were always problematic. Or magic is higher than science, because science is just something derived from magic, and the evolution of the scientific paradigm is not necessarily closer to reality or better than the previous paradigm, and basic assumptions are wrong.

# 159 History based on reality

Sing Song! 15 years! 3.6 million words of "Sing Song" for the official end! Mabelin, Ro Jin Woo, Han Song! A great encyclopedia about Song Dynasty! Song Dynasty's customs, manners, costumes, architecture, institutions, etc. have all been duly tested! The author has taken the test of Doctor of History at Sichuan University for "Sing Song".

Specifically, the great project of “interference” in the historical course of the Master Stone, first of all through science and technology, “introduced” knitting machines, jenny's gauze, experimenting with new weapons, and set up the “Advanced White Water Tunneling Institute”, bringing the innovation that originated at the level of modern transitional instruments in Qingdu to Song Dynasty in 1069. In addition, he has compiled the "Seven Books of Stone" and introduced to the Song the preliminary knowledge of the disciplines of "calculations", "geometry", "geography", "logics", "physics", "chemistry" and "biological"

Isn't that like the ocean sport? The introduction of weapons and technology. It's bound to never happen again. No ideas are introduced, but when they are introduced, they collapse. It's either fabricated or sealed. Other peers have chosen to introduce bright mind learning, which is common in all parts of the world, but the fact is that bright mindism has led to the demise of the Ming Dynasty, as well as a group of fascists. I thought his point was so clever, but so. What really needs to be done is to develop its own modern science and modern philosophy from the Chinese philosophy system.

# 160 The ancient law of a fairy tale is stronger than the logical paradox of the law

There is no absolute development. Your present charisma is not the later. The author has not considered the fact that his ancient definition is also floating, and that the end result is to turn the cuisine into Earth, because there is no power left. The logical result of his creation was the end of the era — the Middle Ages of the Earth — and then he discovered that the literature of Islam had begun to regenerate, but that it was useless, and that, as he had set it, it would end up disappearing. The Earth is the end of the cuisine. If you keep saying it's working, it's the waste of the law, and it's degraded, weakened, and even crippled and confused. Then there will be no power left in the end, and the cuisine will degenerate to Earth, creating a logical paradox.

Civilization of fairy tales is essentially stagnating — as it was in medieval times. Should academic institutions specializing in utilitarians be developed logically? And there's no philosophics or intellectuals, and there's almost zero discussion of the way. It's as if it's a good way to get through. Don't you think there's a problem with this setup? Every time a novel is about a fight between Buddha and succession, it asks what it is, and only the main actor answers. It's as if only one of the leading players in the whole aesthetic world knows what the word is: what is usually set to protect family and friends and to pursue the outer nature of immortality. The principal's understanding of the word is vulgar and ordinary. It can only be said that the author himself has a problem with the design of the cuisine world, and the author himself does not know what the word is -- so he can only recycle the world: just like the rest of the year.

In your normal logic, modern technology will develop, but it is not certain that ideas will develop. Do you think you're much higher than Aristotle today, much higher than Confucius? Most people don't even know what they know, and a group of people don't. Does the development of science and technology entail the development of moral and intellectual standards? Defouux is unanimous? How dare you comment because you don't know? Confucius is above you. And your modernity is fake, and thousands of years later you're ancient. Now you can't read Condolence for many lifetimes. You said Confucius had a problem. Did you come up with a theory that went beyond his mind? Even if you didn't say so, because you don't need to be cooled because you don't need to be cooled, do you have a problem commenting even if you don't know that the refrigerator is really cooled? Why can't the fridge heat?

It's not as bad as it was in ancient times. Why doesn't the charisma develop, ancient law, 100% better than the law? This can only be explained by the author's lazyness. Don't say Confucius, you say Aristotle. Do you know the relationship between Confucius and the phenomenon? He can lead you 2600 years by saying, "I know what I know, I know what I know." By standard, what's your standard? You said Confucius's not as scientific as you, that's fine. You said Confucius doesn't know physics. You don't know how high. You're better than him, too. You say Confucius is a landlord, you're not, so you're progressing, and you're right. You have no standards. You're just thinking, you think. And Confucius doesn't have a book. How do you compare it? You have to explain. You don't even know who Confucius is. The Confucius in the house is a man who's not as good as I am. Confucius is a moral wise man. The Confucius in Meng has a spirit of resistance and the Concordant Confucius will revolution. You tell me who the real Confucius is? What's his real mind, and what kind of Confucius are you judging?

In fact, it is understandable why the authors have set out that this is the root cause of the lack of peace in the cuisine — the shortage of material resources. It is possible to become a member of the royal family or a national organization through regular learning, but it is a matter of seniority, and there is nothing to kill or kill. Because there's no point in digging up ancient monuments, modern studies have come to an end. Are you going to study medieval medicine now? If it's not about understanding history. Old-age laws are useless, they are of archaeological value, they are useless, they are of archaeological value. Aristotle's work on chemistry has gone missing. I dug it up. Do you think it has any effect on modernity? In other words, the novels set ancient law to be stronger than the law, and the whole novel would be a logical paradox, which would degenerate into Earth. If you don't, it'll turn into Earth. Back there, there were a few people or novels that said that. For example, Zakaki, who is not a learned man, will become an official novel, because they have no access to resources, all of which are in their hands. Otherwise, you'll have to go to urban cuisine, which is a logical paradox, because of the time line, to some extent.

In other words, the logical end of traditional fairy tales is the end of the time — the end of the earth. The same applies to the magic world. The essence of the problem is that all modus operandi is the application or description of the same system of power, whether ancient or current law is in fact correct or partially correct (because it can be used), but it is not fundamentally perjury.

Newton's physics, for example, is fundamentally wrong, because he's not absolute. He was not valid outside his sphere of application, so the existence of science meant that the current science was questionable. So the whole science is not necessarily true. Science never expands its scope, he exists only in experience. Can you do more than you know? But it's a different thing. He's not perjury. How can you say he's a fake? The best you can say is that it's not working. And not applicable? If he doesn't, he's not the world. Science is because it works, because it works, because it works, because it works, and he doesn't need to. It is a description of the same system of power, that is, the exact same range. Unlike science, you can say that Newton is a low-speed inertia, and relativity is high. However, merit is a scope, and a description of the same system is generally undivided. Different utilises are inherently unknown, and it is common to assume that the utilised are strong and weak, but the weak can be converted. That makes your experiment unworkable. And you can fix it? He's qualified.
。