# Section 19.8 Poetry Selection

Si

One

The familiar wood is lit, the smoke still smells.

The train whistles in the mountains shocked the birds.

All we have left is silence and consent.

If you have to wait until Ray stops,

What's the point in years?

I don't hate a peanut spilling a field.

# Two #

Two chopsticks alone.

For a simple purpose, who says equality?

Pull an ear.

It all turned out to be a false return.

Don't know where, don't know when,

Someone crossed the river and saved us from the fire.

# Three

The bond of love, the world.

Sometimes an oil-paper umbrella is a chain.

A chain.

Dustnets don't need to be cleaned. It's a mistake to overpack.

Four

The soldiers are disciplined and silent.

The fire has been completely extinguished and will never rekindle.

Let anyone attack.

Fuck.

Five

The old man came out suddenly saying he had a business.

The villa was destroyed.

We built a mausoleum in situ.

The scholars were paid half a million.

It's a long way.

It's just one or two.

And then he died.

# Dreams and dreams and moonless

Remember the color of the distance.

It's the gray of fog and the white of memory.

And it's made of a pancreas of weed.

A thousand miles away.

It's not a fragrance.

It's the smell of life.

How many years?

Heavy and hard to remember.

Even if no flower can bloom

I'll remember the beginning.

If time belongs to wine,

And it's not going to take away all the grief and despair.

It's not about the past.

It is an endless reality and an unspoken future.

The moon above the stars,

It's the starting point.

Another end.

Ip

Everything's fine.

A bottle of water is an afternoon and a day.

May you not move.

May true freedom float with you.

♪ To the thorn road ♪

Jan drafts the ash.

It's a shame to realize the dream of delay.

A personal apathy is not a national fall.

It's a good price.

# Doubts and radical changes

Everything has been blocked.

A rat's larvae.

Half a cup of tea yesterday.

Quiet.

The world is full of corals under the sea.

♪ In the dark ♪

Cheese or potatoes?

# 3:17

The kites and balloons were mixed with the smoke.

High by the northwest wind.

The sand on the earth is mixed with clay.

The fresh smell in the rain.

Tick-tock, tick-tock.

Can't forget.

Iron bars and tofu are a means of paying off old bills.

It's like two footprints.

Ah, without hesitation cut a bush of thorns.

Coal blocks or earth piles.

On the floor of an old friend.

Nobody.

A lot of first sights.

It's goodbye.

The clouds and the sky

The plot and the nation.

Green tweezer.

# Far away

Once upon a time, the roads were part of the river.

The beer factory is missing.

Only tall weeds.

A dime of friendship.

Too bad I don't remember.

Repeating becomes a luxury.

I hope to the west.

Half of the village.

There's a way I'll never go again.

# Tricho #

You say it's responsibility and hope.

There's no reflection on the lake.

Tens of thousands of years ago.

Yellow leaves

Yellow leaf

With the autumn and winter winds passing,

Thousands of leaves fell.

Three or four of them belong to me.

It wasn't us on that leaf.

It's snowflake.

There are black footprints on the frozen road.

Cold people pass by.

It's snowing.

It's getting cold.

People are scattered.

Old magazine told me about the past.

The wind is wide open.

The Blue Lantern.

Search

Isn't this the yellow leaf I love?

Too bad I don't know where you've been.

A soul painter with leaves and branches.

I forgot my first dream.

It's a time to be part of the world.

But it's not right.

If I'm really myself,

I'm my slave.

I can't sleep.

# Horizon

From the first day of the sun, the horizon was created.

If you want to melt glaciers for tens of thousands of years,

Why not melt the glaciers inside people?

That's not the silence and protest of our people.

That's what people of conscience do.

Even if you have nothing to cry about.

I don't believe you love freedom.

The horizon divides today and tomorrow.

Some people are in one half.

The world has suffered so much.

I teach people to see.

He went back to me.

I can't.

The only thing below the horizon is probably a struggle and a struggle.

# A moment #

Not the umbrella.

I can't tell the distance between the horizon and you.

I can't give up everything.

I can only hope for fate.

It's gone.

At the moment of the fall,

Darkness has covered me.

Time doesn't pass.

I don't want to say if or if

It's different.

I don't know.

The tears behind the laughter.

It's not gone yet.

The sky of this moment

Just one star.

And where will I be?

The dream of life and death.

There's just no clean tea.

And what's wrong with that?

Never mind what people think.

# The sun

I dropped the slogan and form.

I've pushed away all the reasons and stories.

More shadows on the white wall.

A moment when life stops forever.

Make a walk tree.

Trees sunk by rope and snow

The sun in the West

Where is the future of the sun?

The horizon is in the middle of the story.

Eight-fifty-three

The heavy earth has been lit up.

I miss people who don't know where.

If it's decades of history,

It's just ridiculous.

Please let us continue to be absurd.

It's an optional game if not.

It's so quiet.

All that's left is cricket.

If this moment is mine, the next moment is no longer.

Please tell me.

Be yourself.

Road

Under the sidewalk tree.

I can only stand on one side.

I'll miss the other half.

Because life is a one-way street.

# Flat

Pick up the grass.

It's the same way.

The smell of rotting grass.

It's a storm.

People are waiting for umbrellas.

And I'm waiting for the rain to stop.

# Overlooking

The moss is your coat.

Fear of oil.

Looks like I still belong to the earth.

# Game

The lost goat walks on the road.

One section of the car slipped.

The mud on the kids' faces.

It's already dry and condensed.

If there's anything else,

That's memories.

Everything in this game is empty.

It's all endless.

This is the moment when the power rises.

After death, he returns to the dead.

Under the faint lights.

And then they harvested last year's wheat.

It's hard to imagine the harvest this year.

# Look at the sky

There's nothing left.

The storm washed the sky.

If there's anything new,

No hypocrisy or form.

The horn blows in my heart.

It's too bad the roof is blocking my eyes.

Distance determines our relationship.

And the black rock is glowing.

Do you remember?

The enemy at the wrong fork.

People

Slaves

I broke out of a cage.

It's not hope to meet them.

It's killing.

Night Road

The horizon gives everything to the earth.

There's no one on this trail.

There's a way out where there's people.

And where there's a road, there's always no one.

Different forks.

I can't make up my mind.

In the age of darkness and light,

There is hardly a silent night.

# The walk tree

On the other side of the road.

Deliberately decorated

I'm a tree too.

I don't care about cold and dirty.

The high branches are kissed by the earth.

Tree or tree?

I'm still me.

I'm a tree too.

Repeat

The tracks and the watermarks overlap.

Waiting to see the past again.

When the clock is no longer in seconds

It's too much for the sun.

♪ Walking on the nowhere ♪

# Back

There's another person behind one person.

Too bad it's not one person, and lucky it's not one person.

All that left was the shadows and laughter of years ago.

If possible.

Let this moment be the past.

Spring

Silence.

Not summer.

No fear.

Just fear.

This ridiculous world.

No questions

Zidang!

It didn't work.

I'm scared, right?

The sound echoes.

This note is called

Ridiculous.

Man!

Lonely and ridiculous.

# The deal

Nothing.

Yeah.

Boring people talk about their country's past.

And we don't belong here.

It's a deal.

You gave the devil and me.

It's a deal.

Whatever you say.

Don't say it's not a deal.

Ridiculous

Don't be afraid.

It's not the shadow that floats.

Don't panic.

You're the only one in the mirror.

Peace is not silence.

Everything is silent.

It's hard.

Twenty-eight years ago

The word is endless imprisonment and oppression.

The sky brought down manna to wash blood.

That ugly face is disgusting.

How many prehistoric civilizations have passed,

When did humanity enter second civilization?

The North and the South, the land and the sea.

We were played by Orwellianism.

The hot candlelight.

"The people who have a conscience are tortured:

You.

Are you trying to subvert something?

How many?

How many are there?

How many for a short period of joy?

It is not just a matter of faith.

How many people pay,

Getting just tears.

I wish I was the majority.

Ridiculous

One

The dichotomy's vibrating makes a squeaky sad sound.

It suppresses the desire to float.

There's a cyanide moss in the sink.

A lot of people are drunk.

But why?

I can't let go of heavy decisions.

# With the wings that you know #

It's annoying.

You said to level the wheat field.

I smelled apples.

I had to bite the lower half.

Sweet.

The smell of decay is intoxicating.

You'll live in a dream if you don't wake up.

Young people's dreams are not realized

It's either funny or pathetic.

It's naive to look for mistakes and mistakes.

# Two #

There's hope in the streetlights.

It's someone's despair.

The grave in the northeast of the school lured me to look.

I prefer jealousy and envy, whether or not they are made or not.

First you wanted to save a world.

Then you chose to be alone.

Why do you hate the sky above your head?

Because it tells you that you are bound by it.

Hypocrisy dreams can enter people's hearts.

I yelled, it's not fair.

I can't change society.

And we can't let society change us.

In depression and the world

Once the pen is down, you'll never pick it up again.

I've never believed in a famous story.

He gave his soul his freedom and left his body behind.

There was a time when the world didn't care.

It's only when I know I'm willing to be changed by this society.

As youth say more than 20 years ago:

Neither do I!

Half his life, he thought that home was a place to be.

A young man travels far away.

This is not the case.

Because the mountain is not his home.

Paralyze yourself, ease the pain,

I thought I didn't have to care.

Oh, a sighs.

The yellow-white-coloured cat in his bed.

If you think you're alone,

We live for better.

Sometimes,

You might as well be a cute cat.

All things are equal and unequal.

We shouted,

I've cried so many times.

As if we were on the way,

I've cried so many times.

We're depressed.

I've cried so many times.

We're half-born here.

I'm sorry.

It's hard to read.

I had to comfort myself.

It's real.

Close your eyes in tears.

Tears corrupt the crystal.

# Sunrise

The light of the morning is covered with dark clouds of ink.

The blue sky is cut by the Stonebridge.

The water towers of the mountains have dried up.

The tap is rusty.

Rain rises with the airWet some tickets.

We miss places.

And there are places where you will sleep forever.

Good green wheat. Good.

# You with the dark

One

It fills half the sky with red and white.

You can't even see it.

Find that little conch you gave me months ago or years ago.

I also lost a dime in the hole.

The axle rolls to the side of the pixie ball, and the pixie ball is smashed.

I don't want to wonder if it's fate or choice.

I've met in a crowded place, and I'd like to avoid it.

I'll never walk again in a place where nobody else is.

So many choices, it doesn't matter which one.

There are countless threads in the infinite darkness.

Fearful, repeated in dreams.

What's spring mud?

Four people I can see only recognize you.

Because it's calmer in the rain.

It's just that the look under the umbrella is blurry.

The rain hurts your eyes.

Maybe I don't know who you are and where you are.

But I really care about you.

# Two #

It's a long wind.

There's a mirror above the rotting table and chair.

It's you in the mirror.

Which one of these endless flowers are you?

The ink dress is filled with poisonous milk.

I said it was your memories buried under the ruins.

Picked up a few pieces and threw them at a white cat.

It's not hard to choose.

And the hard part is never thinking about another option.

The ocean shapes the land.

The sea has shaped us.

The sarcasm rain pours on the concrete floor.

Huh.

Why do you always believe there's always a dream you want?

I still don't know.

Who are you?

We'll find out when we make our first choice.

This is all ridiculous.

Why are you under the horizon?

Why should I look for your shadow under the sun?

Lighted a light, put out a match.

Tears are falling.

# Three

The sky is full of golden and purple dates.

Cracked a rabbit's teeth.

The children's cries pierced the heavy spring thunder.

You should be under this cloud.

The city's conscience is gone.

Just like a big horn to tell you:

It's fermented.

The sky has lowered his brightness.

You sleep side by side.

I don't think I'll ever wake up again.

Anyone who feels the hard past is worth remembering.

There's a square stone you stepped on.

A great river and two lands.

This is not progress. This is my heart.

Anyone who feels the hard past is worth remembering.

That moment slowly crossed your hair.

From the beginning to the beginning.

Only to meet you made of stones.

Four

Pages of flyers.

I took it.

You turned it down.

I turned it down.

You took it.

But it's okay. I didn't send the flyers.

I lost the seed.

Just a little prayer.

It's a rock above higher mountains.

The world of peace.

I'm sad about this wonderful world.

The smell of peppers.

Maybe we never found the darkness.

She doesn't make assumptions.

Five

There are only three stars in the night sky.

I'm trying to find the guacamole on the elliptical moon.

Through the light of the sun's transparent cumber tree

It must be a little dim.

♪ A gleam of light ♪

It's the cut above a particular trajectory.

Six

The corroded limes on the desert hills are sprouts of grass.

One third is where you belong.

Feed the ashes to heaven.

He won't let you scream there.

The narrow sun only brightens one half of the way back.

I cut the rest.

# The dew #

The weed that was pulled yesterday was covered in dew.

We do different things at the same time.

The road below the Stone Bridge leads to a red iron door.

Countdown is over.

We're back to square one.

The junk is empty.

The cat's body is right under his feet.

# Little lake

It melts you with a billion-year-old deep ice.

We felt comfort.

What's going on?

The spirit is floating.

It's a lake.

# Six threads

The snow willows are full of ice.

The torch lit the gray street.

The wind in the night is no longer loud.

The water is on hold.

Whether it's mountains or not, it's water.

Why the yellow mud?

White grass becomes hard and unmovable.

There's a lot of noise and it's coming back.

The torch extinguished my library page.

Orange pineapple is so hot and wet.

Saturday

Rocks and rocks colliding.

The pine twigs have an ice cream.

People in heaven.

Repeat today's story.

Don't say it.

This is ridiculous.

Because no one else believed it.

I live with myself.

A ridiculous world.

Hypocrisy

Let's go!

Hypocrisy.

If the real and absurd world drowns the peaks of the eight thousand feet,

Say it again.

I'm real.

Ridiculous!

The moon doesn't believe it either.

Next day.

The sun will replace itself.

I'll tell you what.

Hypocrisy.

How silence can fix everything.

It's better to keep being hypocritical.

Just think of me as a fool.

A simple man.

And blinded by hypocrisy.

It's like seeing.

It's a bad world.

This place is a mess!

Oh, hypocrisy is yours.

And ridiculous is mine!

I hope you're not that complicated.

Complex things are often unstable.

Pure yourself.

Where?

# Me #

I'm stuck in a warm corner.

Stay where you think you are.

That's naive.

Here.

Not always?

Autumn

The fragrance has rotted.

The workers' hammer hit the steel.

Putting pages on civil rights

It can never go on.

It warms the garbage.

# Whiteboard

Paint rods are sharpened.

The song has stopped

I'm a white board from anywhere.

Cold skin is a memory of the past.

Forever.

The children's graffiti was wiped clean.

He redraws a fake.

# Can't fold paper

The drawing paper was folded into the bag.

Never picked up a pencil again.

That's when it started.

Here:

One less painter.

One more sauerkraut.

# People can #

Life to death, not to death.

Squeaky, no regrets.

It's hard, it's hard.

There are ten rocks in the karate, and there are thousands of holes.

I'm so happy.

We have a career, we don't have a heart.

I have a good thing for myself and a good thing for bamboo.

It's hard for us to do it tomorrow.

There's always a way, and I know it.

Those who have lost their way are hard to walk, and those who have not died.

Fairy doves are hard to grow, ghost dorks tend to fall.

What can I do for you?

It's a human being, not a human being.

# I don't know

It's hard to do it, the heart. I can't do that. Watching the stars, not breaking the dead. How can you know the years? I'll never be able to do this. The King, 50 gods. You're the first, the last. No more than a hundred paces, and amazing. Scratch blood, words. There is no need, no need. I'm in trouble! Ask Kensaku who is not equal. I've got wine, clean bones. Xiao Xiaomei, Gon does not deceive you. If there's one thing I'd like to say to myself. It's good to be poor. The moon of love and sorrow. Years and years, years and lives. You dare to cross the sky, thirty-three. I can't help it. There's a way to go. There's no place for it. People can and can't. The truth is, it cares. There will be a loss in focusing on it. I can't help it. Say with your Dan, the gas pack. It's dusty, fish trails to shore. When I'm sad, I don't know how. The next day, the country was divided.

It's true. There's ghosts in war, there's stubbornness. Fairy-do begs, nay? What is the Green Mountain? Can't be asked. The sun and the world. All the fasting is over. And that which is not revealed, and that which is disobedient. Whether you're alive or dead.

No questions

Ask the swordsman, who has trouble.

I've got wine, clean bones.

Xiao Xiaomei, Gon does not deceive you.

And if ever there is one, remember.

# Wait and echo

All the waiting in this world.

It's like it's dripping.

Ridiculous

The alley that shakes the shadows.

To test everyone's conscience.

So what?

No more freedom, no height.

Say: 'You know what?

And I'm only answering you two words -- ridiculous!

The clouds in the sky never change for freedom.

He's just for silence, for death! I don't know.

Trees were cut, leaving ridiculous stakes.

The old words, they shined with other colors.

Hypocrisy, forever oppressing the ancient people.

And ridiculously, always means them.

Don't say you can't see this light!

In your heart.

Every ridiculous place.

It's your ideal country!

Ridiculous? More sad.

Go see the world.

It's full of absurdity.

You said you hated chicken soup. I'll give you meat.

You said you liked quiet. I let you die.

Only the dead and the gods are quiet.

And I, just ridiculous!

# Silence

If life is doomed,

Why don't you get over it?

Accept it.

Don't let the world sink in.

Silence is always time.

An accomplice of time.

Silence is not your tombstone.

It was a silent protest.

That's the freedom of regret.

Hypocrisy

Let's go! Hypocrisy.

If the real and absurd world drowns the peaks of the eight thousand feet,

You say you're true and ridiculous!

The moon doesn't believe that the next day the sun will replace itself.

Tell you what, hypocrites.

How silence can fix everything.

It's better to keep being hypocritical.

Just think of me as a fool.

A simple man is blinded by hypocrisy.

It's like seeing this world.

This place is a mess!

Oh, hypocrisy is yours.

And ridiculous is mine!

I hope you're not that complicated.

Complex things are often unstable.

Where is the pure self?

Saturday

Rocks and rocks colliding.

The pine twigs have an ice cream.

People in heaven.

Repeat today's story.

Don't say this is ridiculous.

Because no one else believed it.

Living in a ridiculous world.


