Section 2.1 Preparation for installation (new introductory version)

# FreeBSD version introduction

FreeBSD is known to have the following versions (or stages): alpha, rc, beta, release, current, stable.

**release** version can be used on a day-to-day/server basis, i.e. in a general sense **stabilized** or LTS. ***stable*** and ***current*** are both ** development branches**, both unstable** (stabilization versus instability, [Netflix] almost all nodes run **current** (https://freebsdfoundation.org/netflix-case-study/)).

Note**
>
>FreeBSD ***stable*** is not consistent with the general Linux issue concept of a “stabilized version” but rather a “developmental version” ** of instability**.
>
The true meaning of >FreeBSD is that the ABI of the branch (Application Binary Interface, Application Binary Interface) is stable.
>
> - See [FreeBSD Global STABLE] (https://wiki.freebsd.org/Glossary#STABLE)

Alpha is the first step for a current into release. The specific process is current -- > alpha -- > beta -- > rc -- > release.

After relative stability (i.e. MFC for a minimum of three days, MFC `Merge From Head ' , similar to `backporting ' ) will be pushed to stable, but there is no guarantee that they are not big bugs. See [FreeBSD Release Engineering] (https://docs.freebsd.org/en/articles/freebsd-relang/).

Note**
>
>The command `freebsd-update ' system can only be used by alpha, rc, beta and release (https://www.freebsd.org/platforms/) and the rest of the system needs to be updated by source code compilation (or by pkgbase).
>
>FreeBSD development plan to delete command `freebsd-update ' and replace it with pkgbase.
>
> - See [FreeBSD Manual Pages freebsd-update] (https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?freebsd-update)

# Download FreeBSD mirror

First of all, we'll open FreeBSD project officer network: <https://www.freebsd.org/>:

[FreeBSD project officer network] (..gitbook/assets/do1.png)

We click the word `Download FreeBSD ' and jump as follows:

[download FreeBSD] (.. .gitbook/assets/do2.png)

Note**
>
> With the passage of time, you don't have to download it, and you don't have to have 14.2. You just have to choose the top `FreeBSD-X-RELEASE'. `X ' is a value greater than `14.2 ' .

Installer VMSD Card
|:-: |: |: |: |: |: |: |: |
I'm going to put in a mirror, and I'm going to put in a pre-enhanced mirror, and I'm going to store a card.
It's usually installed, it needs self-empowerment, it's single-board/embedded, it's a document.

>** Skills**
>
> If you do not know which one, please choose `Installer ' (normal home computers, except apples).

>** Skills**
>
>If you do not know what `amd64 ' `i386 ' `aarch64 ' `armv7 ' means, please choose `amd64 ' (common household computer, except apples).

[FreeBSD mirrors] (.. . .gitbook/assets/do3.png)


```sh '
File Name File Size Date
Parent direct/-
CHECKSUM. SHA256-FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64 1171 2024-Nov-29 14:11
CHECKSUM. SHA512-FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64 1811 2024-Nov-29 14:09
FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-bootonly.iso 459491328 2024-Nov-29 13:04
FreeBSSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-bootonly.iso.xx 100595956 2024-Nov-29 13:04
FreeBSSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso 1310040064 2024-Nov-29 13:05
FreeBSSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso.xxz 855500608 2024-Nov-29 13:05
FreeBSSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-dvd1.iso 4826406912 2024-Nov-29 13:05
FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-dvd1.iso.xxz 3812250832 2024-Nov-29 13:05
FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-memstick.img 15935808 2024-Nov-29 13:05
FreeBSSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-memstick.img.xx 867177260 2024-Nov-29 13:05
FreeBSSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-mini-memstick.img 564220416 2024-Nov-29 13:04
FreeBSSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-mini-memstick.img.xx 107445036 2024-Nov-29 13:04
````

Above: The first column represents the file name, the second column is the file size and the third column is the date of publication.

First column
|: ---------
|Parent directtory/----Pilot click back to parent directory
|CHECKSUM. SHA256-FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64 | SHA256 Validation value for all mirrors on this page
|CHECKSUM.SHA512-FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64 | SHA512 Validation value for all mirrors on this page
|FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-bootonly.iso-enabled mirrors for installation
FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-bootonly.iso.xx | Compressed network installation mirrors, which require network installation
FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso |cd mirror
FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso.xx | Compressed cd mirror
FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-dvd1.iso |dvd mirrors, some useless pkg packs compared to cd mirrors
FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-dvd1.iso.xx | Compressed dvd mirrors, some more useless pkg packs than cd mirrors
Mirror used for FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-memstick.img | Udis (can use Rufus to create a UCD) |
|FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-memstick.img. xz | mirror image of a compressed U-disk (without decompression, making a U-disk starter using Rufus) |
|FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-mini-memstick.img | Web-based mirrors for U-disk to be installed
|FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-mini-memstick.img.xz-enabled mirror image of a network for a compressed U-disk, which is to be installed on a network

>** Skills**
>
>The network is volatile at any time, and therefore downloads can differ from the source file and cause errors. {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00}。So we need a mechanism to make sure that the documents you get are exactly the same as the mirrors released by FreeBSD. ** Validation value needed**. Windows 10 and 11 carry their own command line tool, `CertUtil ' , without additional software. You can also refer to [document SHA-256 for security applications] (https://www.dell.com/support/kbdoc/en-bs/0013086/%E5/E5%A6%E6%E4%D%95-%E7%AE1%E5%AE9%A9A-%E7%A4%E4%E4%A4%E2%E8%E2-%E9%98%E2-%E7%E7%E7%85%EF%92-%E5%E92%E2%8C-%E6%E6%E6%E6%8E6%E8%E6%E8%E4%E4%E4%B6%B6%B6%E2%E2%E6%E6%E6%B6%B6%B6%E6%B6%E5%E8%E88%A4-%A4-%E8%A8%A8%A8%E8%A8%


> ** Note**
>
All installed media, including but not limited to virtual machine files, do not provide a graphical interface (DVD has a pkg package, but it is problematic) and require self-installation.

>** Skills**
>
>FreeBSD Mirror BT Feed Download Address
>
>https://fosstorents.com/distributions/freebsd/>

- RELEASE Official Mirror Download Address
- Virtual machine: <https://download.freebsd.org/ftp/releases/amd64/amd64/ISO-IMAGES/14.2/FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-disc1.iso>
- Physical: <https://download.freebsd.org/releases/amd64/amd64/ISO-IMAGES/14.2/FreeBSD-14.2-RELEASE-amd64-memstick.img>
- CURRENT test download address (professional only)
- Virtual machine: [https://download.freebsd.org/snapshots/amd64/amd64/ISO-IMAGES/15.0/] (https://download.freebsd.org/snapshots/amd64/amd64/ISO-IMAGES/15.0/)
- Physical machine downloads `-amd64-memstick.img ' or `-amd64-memstick.img.xx '

Original FreeBSD download address:

- 5.1-9.2 <http://ftp-archive.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD-Archive/old-releases/amd64/ISO-IMAGES>
- 9.3 - Recent <http://ftp-archive.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD-Archive/old-releases/ISO-IMAGEs/>


# Burn FreeBSD mirror

>** Skills**
>
>FreeBSD 14.1 RELEASE both ISOs are tested under Ventoy (UEFI under Intel 3D processor). However, the possibility of problems not being ruled out. If there is a problem, please first consider downloading the `img ' normal recording.


>** Skills**
>
>U installation is best done using `-img ' or `-img.xx '. Because the `.iso ' mirror did not do the Hybrid mix-start, writing on the U-disk would create errors. See [FreeBSD - .iso files not support write to USB drive] (https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/show\_bug.cgi?id=236786).
>
>
>The mirror at the end of `iso ' should be selected only when ** CD-ROM/VVM** is installed.
>
> But nothing is absolute, and some machines use `.iso ' to record U-disk starters and still have smooth access to the installation interface. Some of the machines (e.g. the old canoe computer) support UEFI under ISO. But not all machines (e.g. not supported by rice).

- How do I write FreeBSD mirrors to the U.D.?

The writing tool on Windows should be preferred **Rufus**, Linux can use the `dd ' command directly. rufus download address: [https://rufus.ie/zh] (https://rufus.ie/zh)

> ** Warning**
>
> ** Not recommended** Use the win32dinskimiger recommended in the FreeBSD manual, sometimes with errors in authentication (in fact, the document verification is normal). ** Should only be used if rufus is invalid. ** Win32diskimager download address <https://sourceforge.net/projects/win32diskimager/files/archive/> , click `win32diskimager-1.0.0-install.exe ' .


>** Skills**
>
When >rufus does not need to be decompressed, the `-img.xx ' can also be used to start the disk.
>
>! [rufus] (..gitbook/assets/rufus.png)


# Hardware support query

For more hardware please refer to:

[Hardware for BSD]


![.. ..gitbook/assets/h1.png]

![.. ..gitbook/assets/h2.png]

I don't...

If you also want to upload your data to the site, please:

- Install with pkg:

```sh '
# pkg install hw-probe
````

- Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/sysutils/hw-probe/
# Make install clean
````

I don't...

Then:

```sh '
# hw-probe-all-upload
Probe for hardware...
Reading logs...
Uploaded to DB, thank you!

Probe URL: https://bsd-hardware.info/?probe=f646c4b1
````

Open the link above, you can see your device.

See other systems [INTALL HOWTO FOR BSD] (https://github.com/linuxhw/hw-probe/blob/master/INTALL.BSD.md)
