# Section 22.7 Python and VS Code

# Python

In FreeBSD, different Python versions are separated. It means that Python 3.11 and Python 3.13 are different packages. Just like `llvm11 ' and `llvm13 ' .

But for the current FreeBSD 14, the most complete Python is Python 3.11. Tools such as `pip ' and `numpy ' are only packaged for `py 311 ' . This is why `python3 ' , the false package, points to `python311 ' . Otherwise you can only use the ports.

So to install Python, you need to do this.

- Install with pkg:

```sh '
# pkg install python311-pip
````

- Of course you can install:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/lang/python311/ & make install clean
#cd /usr/ports/devel/py-pip/ & make install clean
````

, and so on. But remember that the latest version of the Python version may not be as complete on FreeBSD (needs to use ports).

In any case, however, this is better than some Linux edition, which is always only a Python version, regardless of the consequences.

VS Code

- Install with pkg:

```sh '
# Pkg install vscode
````

- Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/editos/vscode/
# Make install clean
````

I don't...

It needs to be noted that VS Code is actually [Code-OSS] (https://github.com/microsoft/vscode). The difference between Code-OSS and VS Code is mainly between different licences and available closed-source resources, similar to the relationship between Chromium and Chrome. Interested people can themselves [read the original language] (https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/wiki/Differences-between-the-repository-and-Visual-Studio-Code).

Just to mention here that currently known Microsoft Python plugins and LLVM clangd plugins run directly at Code-OSS, using them without any difference from VS Code.

Sets the sync service does not look useful.
。