# Section 22.11 How to subscribe to FreeBSD mailing list

# General

FreeBSD mail subscriptions are listed in [https://lists.freebsd.org/] (https://lists.freebsd.org/). It is recommended to subscribe to freebsd-current, so almost everyone is there. Subscriptions only need to be entered in your mailbox, and then you will receive a letter in return, sending him any e-mail with content in the mailbox you are requested to list, and you should receive a hint of success. If you want to switch from a summary subscription to a full-text subscription, you simply have to re-send any content to Subscribbe's email address (e.g. freebsd-doc is __CODESPAN_0_)。

please use english, if not translated. it is recommended that questions be sent by e-mail before the bug report is submitted in order to prevent duplication。

Once submitted, you will receive a confirmation e-mail through which progress can be tracked. Keep your eyes open if you ask for more information, remember to respond in a timely manner, wait patiently, “sit and relax” and trust that your problems will soon be resolved

# Graphical description

open [https://lists.freebsd.org/] (https://lists.freebsd.org/) to find a list of mail to subscribe to (for example, freebsd-current):

![.. .gitbook/assets/mail1.png]

In red:

![.. .gitbook/assets/mail2.png]

![.. .gitbook/assets/mail3.png]

FOR THE E-MAIL ADDRESS LISTED IN THIS LINE, THE HEADER OF THE MESSAGE CONTENT DOES NOT MATTER. HE'LL SEND YOU A LETTER, AND HE'LL LIST AN EMAIL ADDRESS FOR YOU TO SEND HIM ANOTHER ONE. SO YOU'RE IN THE MAILING LIST. IF YOU DON'T GET A REPLY WHEN YOU ENTER THE MAILBOX BACK, YOU MANUALLY E-MAIL TO THE MAILBOX IN THE LINE __CODESPAN_0_, WITH A RANDOM TITLE。

to test your own e-mails, please subscribe to the above step and send a test e-mail to [freebsd-test] (https://lists.freebsd.org/subscription/freebsd-test)。

Rules

This section is taken from the FreeBSD manual。

- If you're warned up to three times by the administrator, you'll be hacked by all the mailing lists。
- chats [https://lists.freebsd.org/subscription/freebsd-chat] (https://lists.freebsd.org/subscription/freebsd-chat)
- Not on more than two mailing lists unless necessary。
- Advertising (non-FreeBSD) is strictly prohibited, and is immediately banned。
- In English。
- Individual attacks and verbal abuse are strictly prohibited. Respect the privacy of others and refrain from making private emails。

# FreeBSD Community Code (CoC)

- See [FreeBSD Community Code of Construction] (https://www.freebsd.org/international/code-of-contract/)

---|---

# FreeBSD Community Behaviour Code (CoC)

FreeBSD community has always been committed to becoming a passionate and respectful community, and we hope that this will not change in the course of community development and evolution. To that end, we call for a number of basic rules:

- Friendly patience
- Welcome
- Be nice to others
- Respect for others
- Be careful with words, be nice to others
- When there's a difference of opinion, change of mind。

This is not an exhaustive list of prohibited acts. Please interpret it as a guiding principle aimed at making communication and community participation easier for us。

This code of conduct applies to all areas of FreeBSD project management. These include online chats, mailing lists, Bug trackers, FreeBSD events (such as developers ' meetings and social events) and other community forums created by the project for communication. It applies to all your communications and behaviour in these spaces, including e-mails, chats, speeches, slides, videos, posters, banners and even the T-shirts you display in these spaces. In addition, the ability of a person to participate in the above-mentioned place may be affected in extreme cases when violations of this norm occur outside these spaces。

If you believe that a person is violating the norm, please report to us by sending an e-mail to [@FreeBSD.org] (mailto:content@freebsd.org). For more information, please refer to our [Reporting guidelines] (https://www.freebsd.org/international/conflict-reporting/)。

- ** Friendly patience. **
- ** Welcome. ** We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports people of all backgrounds and identities. This includes, but is not limited to, any race, nationality, culture, nationality, colour, immigration status, social and economic class, level of education, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political beliefs, religious beliefs, and members of mental and physical capacity。
- ** be nice to others. ** Your work will be used by others, and you will also rely on the work of others. Any decision you make affects users and colleagues. Remember that we are a global community, so you may not communicate with others in their mother tongue。
- ** Respect for others. ** We do not always agree, but dissent is no excuse for misconduct. We may be frustrated, but we cannot let frustration turn into personal attacks. Remember that communities that are uncomfortable or threatened are not productive. Members of the FreeBSD community should maintain respect in their dealings with other members and those outside the FreeBSD community。
- ** Carefully choose words and be nice to others. ** Do not insult or demean other participants. Harassment and other exclusionary practices are unacceptable. This includes, but is not limited to:
- Threats of violence or language against others。
- Discriminatory jokes and language。
- Publication of pornographic or violent content。
- Publication (or threat) of personal identity information (“human search”)。
- Individual insults, in particular the use of racist or sexist terms。
- Unwelcome gender concerns。
- To promote or encourage such behaviour。
- ** In general, if anyone asks you to stop, please stop. ** The continuation of this practice after being requested to cease is considered harassment。
- ** Try to understand why when we disagree. ** Social and technical differences often occur, and FreeBSD is no exception. It is important that we resolve our differences and differences of view constructively. Remember, we're different. FreeBSD has the strength of its diverse communities and its members from a variety of backgrounds. Different people have different views on the issue. Failure to understand why someone holds a certain view does not mean that they are wrong. Let us not forget that making mistakes is a human imperative and that it does not help to blame one another. Instead, it should focus on helping to solve problems and learning from mistakes。

Is there a problem

If you have any questions, contact the FreeBSD Committee on Conduct at any time by e-mail [@FreeBSD.org] (mailto:content@freebsd.org)。

