# Section 22.1 How to report Bug

> ** Hint**
>
> It is recommended to send it to the mailing list first。

FreeBSD Bug Reporting System [https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/] (https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/)。

What do you do when you have a problem

First of all, make sure it's not your own problem。

- Look at the list of common questions, the file manual
- Use the search engine
- Check the mailing lists from the past, see if anyone's asked a similar question
- Ask for the mailing list

If you have problems with the newly upgraded system, look at the description of **/usr/src/UPDATING** and, if you have just been upgraded, at **/usr/ports/UPDATING** and **/usr/ports/CHANGES**。

Then ask yourself, is this **bug**? If this question can be expressed by way of a question (e.g. “What do I do ..., where is there ?”), go first to FreeBSD mailing list。

if this is **bug**, make sure your version is supported, otherwise no one will take care of it。

make sure this **bug** is fixed

- Check the version of the system for updates and patches
- Search FreeBSD bug management. Has anyone reported a similar problem

If no one reports a similar problem, you'll have to write it

Please don't submit such questions:

- Some application has a new version
- for software that is unmaintained, if you don't have a patch, just report the bug, probably not
- If you don't make it back, it's hard for others
- Add a new feature (can appeal to FreeBSD mailing list, but why not make one yourself

To decide to whom you should report the problem:

- For basic system components, documents and website questions, please submit them directly to FreeBSD developers。
- For software distributed with the system but maintained by others, please also submit it to FreeBSD developers unless it can be determined that the problem is not related to the system。
- For third-party software, please submit it to the software developer unless it can be determined that the problem is system-related。

The report is written as a reminder:

- Don't leave the “Summary” column empty because it's a group e-mail title。
- “Summary” should be representative and concise。
- If you have patches, you have to upload them。
- Note your version of the system, the computer architecture, if it's a software that you compile, and write it in。
- If the problem can be repeated, indicate the conditions under which the problem arises。
- In the case of kernels, prepare yourself: hardware configuration, kernel configuration, whether or not to open debugging options, false information or /var/log/messages, stating that you have seen /usr/src/UPDATING does not solve the problem (because someone will always ask) whether other kernels can be run。
- If you have a third-party software problem, prepare your: the installed software, which covers all the environment variables of the default set by bsd.port.mk, states that you have read /usr/ports/UPDATING has not solved the problem (because someone always asks)。
- A report does one thing, doesn't report a bunch of things unless they're closely connected。
- Be careful on controversial issues and discuss them first。
- Take note of the lower layout format, especially when copying paste。
- Remember to back up the report. It'll be bad if it's not submitted。
- Be polite, we're almost all volunteers who don't get a penny。


Now, start filling out the forms

Attention, your e-mails are public and may be subject to harassment, be protected or use a public mailbox

- Summary: General, brief。
- Severity: the severity, which affects only me/some people/many people, do not overestimate
- Category: Category
- Kern kernel, library, built-in driver (Manual 2-4), except for USB subsystems, multi-wire libraries
-bin internal program
- ports third party program
-conf profile or start script (manual 5)
-docs documents or websites
- Usb USB subsystem
- threads multi-line libraries
- standard-compliant
- (framework name) related to architecture
- misc, otherwise, or really not
- Environmental environment, including system version, program version, system configuration, etc
- Description problem description, complete, detailed. Don't add to your guess

Have a nice day in the big family! FreeBSD lacks development staff, so your bug report may not have been solved for a long time, and we're all volunteers, so we don't have to ask, so we can do it on our own and then we can go upstream
