# SECTION 22.6 QT ENVIRONMENT CONFIGURATION



# Install Qt Creator

>** Skills**
>
> MAY ALSO NEED TO INSTALL __CODESPAN_0_。


```sh
# cd /usr/ports/devel/qtcreator/ && make install clean # Qt Creator 本体
# cd /usr/ports/misc/qt5-l10n/ && make install clean # Qt Creator 本地化语言包，如中文
```

Or (Qt Creator does not recommend binary packages)

```sh
# pkg install qtcreator qt5-l10n
```

# Qt Creator

See [Bug 236518-devel/qtcreator unsuppleted other languages] (https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=236518)

The Qt creator interface language default follow-up system. If not, change manually __ CODESPAN_0-> __ CODESPAN_1-> CODESPAN_2-> __ CODESPAN_3-> __ CODESPAN_4-__ in the menu。

Compiler debuggers can be configured without configuration。

The program Qt Creator wrote may not be available in Chinese. The problem is that Qt supports the input method in a plugin way。

```sh
$ ls /usr/local/lib/qt5/plugins/platforminputcontexts
```

See the following output:

```sh
libfcitx5platforminputcontextplugin.so
libibusplatforminputcontextplugin.so
```

for ibus and fcitx. the inability to enter chinese is due to the possible incompatibility of the library version on which the two documents rely. to solve these problems, qtcreator needs to be installed through ports compilation instead of pkg。

# # interface translation incomplete

THOSE INTERESTED IN QT TRANSLATIONS SHOULD FOCUS ON:

- <https://wiki.qt.io/Qt_Localization>
<https://invent.kde.org/qt/qt/qttranslations>

# Hello world

![..gitbook/assets/Creator3.png]

![..gitbook/assets/Creator4.png]

![..gitbook/assets/Creator5.png]

![..gitbook/assets/Creator6.png]

![. .gitbook/assets/Creator7.png]

![..gitbook/assets/Creator9.png]

# In the terminal

![..gitbook/assets/Creator2.png]

![..gitbook/assets/Creator1.png]



# Fragmentation and unfinished business



# # terminal characters missing

Pending

