# Section 11.1 Description and testing of storage card parameters

#microSD card (storage card/TF card/SD card/RAM card) parameter description


Storage card specifications were developed by [SD ASSOCIATION] (https://www.sdcard.org/)。

THE SD CARD STANDARDS ARE CONFUSING, AND EVEN COMPARED TO THE USB STANDARDS SET BY THE USB-IF ASSOCIATION, THE DEGREE OF CONFUSION IS DIFFICULT TO EXPLAIN。

THE REASON FOR THE CONFUSION IN THE SD CARD STANDARD IS THAT, WHILE DEVELOPING AT ANY TIME, THE SD CARD ASSOCIATION DOES NOT DISCARD THE OLD STANDARD (E.G., ABANDONING THE BRITISH UNIT, USING THE PUBLIC UNIT), LET ALONE RAISE THE PREVIOUS STANDARD (E.G., SWIPE NUMBER), BUT RATHER CREATES A HIGHER STANDARD. ** IN SHORT, SD CARDS HAVE MULTIPLE PARALLEL MEASURES AND OVERLAPS AND DIFFERENCES IN THE RANGE. **

[Flash microSD card] (. ./ .gitbook/assets/SD.png)

The figure above is a microSD (micro) SD card, used by a treeberry pie, mobile phone。

Note**
>
>STANDARD SD CARD IS USED ONLY FOR THE OLDEST TREEBERRY PIE, AND THE CURRENT STANDARD SD CARD "BIG CARD" IS USED MAINLY FOR CAMERAS。

microSD is what we call TF cards。


This flashy microSD card is marked:

___ CODESPAN_0: __ CODESPAN_1 IS THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE OF THE BRAND NAME “BRINGY”; __ CODESPAN_2 __ IS THE MODEL OF THE ___ CO 高速 高速 高速 高速 高速 高速。
- __CODESPAN_0_: THE CAPACITY OF THE STORAGE CARD IS 128 GB。
- ___ CODESPAN_0 (__ CODESPAN_1 _ AROUND A CIRCULAR “C” SYMBOL): THIS PARAMETER IS INVALID AND NEED NOT BE SEEN. NOW ALL THE CARDS ARE 10, AND IT'S HARD TO FIND LESS THAN 10。
- __CODESPAN_0(micro SDXC) means that the card capacity is between 32G-2TB; 2G-32G is “micro SDHC”. Others are now largely invisible - capacity less than 2G (microSD) or capacity greater than 2TB (microSDUC). It doesn't make any sense, because it has to be a card with a capacity size。
- __CODESPAN_0 (__CODESPAN_1 _ CIRCLED AROUND A CIRCULAR “U” SYMBOL): __CODESPAN_2 _ MINIMUM WRITING SPEED OF 10MB/S; U3 IS 30MB/S. ** NO U2**. ** ONLY OLD PRODUCTS (U3) OR LOW-SPEED DEVICES (U1) WILL BE MARKED**
- __CODESPAN_0 (XC RIGHT, BELOW U1): UHS-I: BUS MAXIMUM 104MB/S; UHS-II 312MB/S. THE BUS DETERMINES THE SPEED LIMIT OF THE MEMORY CARD。
__CODESPAN_0_: RANDOM READING AND WRITING RATE. THERE'S ONLY A1 AND A2 AT THE MOMENT, AND WITHOUT IT, THERE'S NO A1. BERRY PIE MUST USE AN A2 CARD。


# Supplement

- ___ CODESPAN_0, __ CODESPAN_1_: Cards such as Rexa will be marked 667 x, or 1066x, which currently only CD machines, tape machines, CD-ROMs are in use and are fairly old (in the 1980s)。

1667x = 150KB/s x 667 ≈ 83MB/S

21066x = 150KB/s x 1066 ≈ 156MB/S。

- ___ CODESPAN_0: New products are generally marked ___ CODESPAN_1_** V30**. No V60, but it's very expensive (normal A2 card 1 dollar 1G; V60 3 dollar 1G, but it seems that V60 A2 doesn't co-exist) V90 microSD card I haven't seen. Not even below V30, usually marked __CODESPAN_2_. Rate standard conversion: ***C10 = U1 = V10*** These three things are one thing, but they are marked。


Summarizing: This flash microSD memory card is marked with seven parameters, four of which are useless. And in terms of parameters, this memory card does not have any advantage and is quite common。

# Storage card selection summary

Summary: For berry pie: capacity (recommended at least 32G), continuous reading and writing (at least V30), random reading and writing (A2). But that's what a card is for now, and most of the other devices, like Switch, don't meet the total speed of their SD card design, ** so it's just A1, or A2. **

## Parameters match

> ** Capability Card no longer seems normal**
>
> IN THE PAST, LOW-COST LARGE-CAPACITY STORAGE CARDS WERE OFTEN CONDENSED, BUT SUCH CARDS WERE NOT AVAILABLE TO EVEN THE STRAWBERRY PIE STARTER, AS THEY CONTAINED A MIRROR VERIFICATION PROGRAM. IF THE NOMINAL CAPACITY IS NOT MATCHED IN PRACTICE, THE MIRROR WRITING CANNOT BE COMPLETED. SO, THERE'S NO NEED TO THINK ABOUT THAT FOR THE BERRY PIE. IT'S ALREADY VERY CHEAP TO STORE PARTICLES, AND IT'S NOT USUALLY DONE AGAIN. THIS PROBLEM DOES NOT GENERALLY EXIST IF THE CAPACITY IS NOT VERY EXCESSIVE (>128G)。

> ** Part of the symmetrical parameters do not match the actual test and the disk will collapse**
>
>** SPEED OF MOTION (MOVE SPEEED)**
>
>! [MOVE 128G A2 U3 V30 128G SPED TEST] (. .getbook/assets/ys1.png)
>
>! [MOVE 128G A2 U3 V30 128G SPEED TEST] (. .getbook/assets/ys2.png)
>
>**Move SPEED** This card is even faster than Tristar. ~ Is this space for time? ~ Some A2 memory cards, actually tested 4k, are less than 1.5 MB/s, and are about to catch up with that Kingston DT100G3. This is no longer a question of false claims。
>
> HOWEVER, AFTER A MEASURED SPEED OF 128G A2 U3 V30 128G MEMORY CARD, JUST WRITE ABOUT 60 GB WILL DROP THE DISK. THIS IS WHAT HAPPENED:
>
>! [MOVE 128G A2 U3 V30 128G MAMORY CARD DISK] (. .gitbook/assets/yisusd.png)
>
>! [MOVE 128G A2 U3 V30 128G MAMORY CARD DISK] (. . .gitbook/assets/yisusd2.png)


How do you test the memory card and the hard drive

WE CAN VIEW THE S.M.A.R.T. INFORMATION AND BASIC PARAMETERS OF THE HARD DRIVE WITH __CODESPAN_0. READ AND WRITE OF HARD DISKS AND MEMORY CARDS CAN ALSO BE TESTED WITH __CODESPAN_1(USE USB 3.0 READER!)

These two softwares were developed with the developers, but their [Office Website] (https://crystalmark.info/en/) do not know why, many false advertisements were placed to induce the downloading of wrong documents。

Download from ** [Here] (https://sourceforge.net/projects/crystaldiskinfo)**; download from ** [Here] (https://sourceforge.net/projects/crystaldismark/files/)**

And ** don't** visit his website because it's the place where the files are finally stored, and you'll end up here。

At the time of writing, the author has downloaded __CODESPAN_0 and __CODESPAN_1_. Because it's good, you can replace "Crystal DiskInfo9_3_2.exe" with "Crystal Disk Mark8_0_5.exe" if you do not need a fancy color。


# # View vanilla s690 (1TB) NVMe SSD PCI 4.0 harddisc parameters using Crystal DiskInfo

[Vanity S690 (1TB) NVME SSD PCI 4.0] (. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .)


# Use Crystal Disk Mark to test the vanilla S690 (1TB) NVMe SSD PCI 4.0

[Van Gogh S690 (1TB) NVME SSD PCIe 4.0] (. .gitbook/assets/pcie4sd2.png)

[Van Gogh S690 (1TB) NVME SSD PCIe 4.0] (. .gitbook/assets/pcie4sd1.png)


# # Test Rexa 1066x A2 U3 128GB memory card reading and writing rate with Crystal Disk Mark (USB 3.0 reader)


[Rexa 1066x A2 U3 128GB memory card reading and writing rate] (. . .gitbook/assets/lksd2.png)

[Rexa 1066x A2 U3 128GB memory card reading and writing rate]

It is clear that the physical test of the Rexa 1066x A2 U3 128GB memory card does not correspond to the page label: it should be read A2, 4000 IOPS, written 2000 IOPS. In fact, only half of them are randomly read and written; continuous reading and writing is even more absurd. Why

# # Any microSD memory card exceeding 104MB/s is meaningless

Why? On the one hand, because it is not used as an ultra-frequency reader (i.e., a Rexa-attached reader to support its own defined protocol), because the UHS-I protocol speed limit is 104 MB/s (SDR 104), any storage card is theoretically impossible to exceed, except with UHS-II (two sets of gold fingers), but for microSD it is almost non-UHS-II and only standard-sized SD cards (a camera). So, as long as the speed exceeds the UHS-I velocity limit and is not UHS-II in the market, the non-standard agreement must have been used. ** This non-standard agreement can only be supported by their official card readers (sale at very high prices and generally tied sales). Other equipment does not support this rate and is therefore meaningless. **

# # Test Tristar BAR upgrade with Crystal Disk Mark + USB3.1 flash drive 64G reading and writing rate

That's metal。

[TRISTAR BAR UPGRADE + USB3.1 FLASH DRIVE 64G READING AND WRITING RATE] (. .gitbook/assets/san1.png)

[TRISTAR BAR UPGRADE + USB3.1 FLASH DRIVE 64G READING AND WRITING RATE] (. .gitbook/sets/san2.png)

# References

- [Raspberry Pi Perry Pi China Document]
- [Inside the Raspberry Pi: The story of the $35 company that changed the world.com/article/inside-the-raspberry-pi-the-story-of-the-35-computer-that-changed-the-world/)
- [SD card and microSD card type guiide] (https://www.kingston.com/cn/blog/person-storage/microsd-sd-memory-card-guide)
- [SD card and microSD card level level framework] (https://www.kingston.com/cn/blog/personal-storic/memory-card-speed-classes)
- [Know how to name and label SD cards and microSD cards] (https://www.kingston.com/cn/blog/personal-storage/microsd-sd-memory-card-naming-conventions)
- [The archaeology in the general, what's the multiple of the disk]
- [MOVE SPEEED] 64GB TF (MicroSD) memory card test] (https://www.bilibili.com/read/mobile?id=21681916)
- The delivery is only one half of the indicated
- [Mvesped Sped 400G RAM Simple Measurement] (https://post.m.smzdm.com/p/arq759g7/)
- [SPEED, TF. CAN'T YOU FLIP? LOOKS LIKE IT DIDN'T FLIP] (https://post.m.smzdm.com/p/awzqn9z4/)
- [Modi-Once HIPC Movement TM microSDXCTM UHS-I memory card - 128GB] (https://www.esterndigital.com/zh-cn/products/momoy-cards/sandisk-extreme-pro-uhs-i-microsd?sku=SDSQXCY-128G-ZN6MA) (see note 8: “Applying patent technology”)
- The results were quoted
- [BAR UPGRADE + USB3.1 FLASH DRIVE] (https://www.samsung.com.cn/memory-storage/usb-flash-drive/usb-3-1-flash-drive-bar-plus-64gb-titanium-gray-muf-64be4-cn/)

