# Section 11.4 Operating systems

# The concept of the operating system

Computer System

Computer operating systems allow for the receipt and storage of information as required by users, the automated processing of data and the output of result information. In broad terms, computer operating systems consist of ** mechanical systems** and ** electronic systems**. In electronic systems, it can be divided into analogue and digital computer systems。

> Simulation computers were introduced earlier and internal telecommunications numbers were used to simulate actual signals from the natural world and are therefore called analogue telecommunications numbers. The accuracy of analog computer processing problems is poor; all processes need to be accomplished by analogue circuits, with complex circuit structures and extremely poor resistance to outside interference。

Computer systems include hardware (sub) and software (sub) systems. Hardware systems are the entities on which computers work. Software systems ensure that computer systems work in accordance with user-specific requirements. These two components constitute the resources of computer systems, which therefore comprise two broad categories: hardware and software resources。

The central processor (CPU), the inner memory (also known as primary storage, i.e. memory), the outer memory (disk, tape, CD-ROM, DVD-ROM, U disk “USB Flash Disk”), as well as the various input and output equipment (keypad, mouse, printer, monitor, scanner, digit panel, etc.) form the computer hardware system; and the various programs and data form the computer software system。

| Software systems (programmes, data) | Hardware systems |
|----| ----|
| Application software: text processing, graphic image processing, scientific computing, video processing... | CENTRAL PROCESSOR (CPU), INNER STORAGE |
| Support software: databases, networks, multimedia... | EXTERNAL STORAGE (DISK, CD, DVD) |
| System Software: Operating Systems, Compilers... | Input output device (keypad, mouse, monitor, scanner, microphone...) |

Before using computer systems to deal with problems, there should be procedures for dealing with and resolving related issues. These procedures can be sourced from a variety of sources, such as ** self-development, purchase, access to open source software**, etc。

BEFORE A COMPUTER SYSTEM CAN BE IMPLEMENTED, THE MEMORY SPACE OF THE COMPUTER SYSTEM MUST BE OBTAINED BEFORE ANY ONE OF THE PROGRAMS CAN BE LOADED INTO THE MEMORY. THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THESE PROCEDURES DEPENDS ON THE CENTRAL PROCESSOR (CPU). IN THE COURSE OF ITS IMPLEMENTATION, THE PROGRAMME WILL NEED TO CALL PUBLIC SERVICE SUB-PROGRAMS AND SHARE DOCUMENTS, AS WELL AS TO USE VARIOUS COMPUTER EXTERNALITIES AND IN-HOUSE COMPUTER EQUIPMENT TO COMPLETE THE INPUT AND EXPORT OF INFORMATION. CENTRAL PROCESSORS, MEMORY SPACE, PUBLIC SERVICE SUB-PROCESSORS AND SHARED DOCUMENTS, AS WELL AS EXTERNAL COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, ARE RESOURCES IN COMPUTER SYSTEMS. THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY PROGRAMME IS AT THE EXPENSE OF THE RESOURCES OF THE COMPUTER SYSTEM。

The requirements for and use of computer resources vary from programme to programme, and there may be conflicts between requests for and use of computer resources by different users. For example, when a user uses a printer, another user requires the same printer. The absence of a method or rule to regulate user requirements for the use of printers would certainly cause confusion. The use of one printer needs to be managed, as do other resources in computer systems, with proper control and coordination of computer resource allocation。

In computer systems, a software that centralizes resource management and program execution functions is referred to as the operating system。


Definition of operating system


The operating system is a system software in a computer system and it is a collection of some program modules: They enable the effective organization and management of hardware and software resources in computer systems, rationalize computer workflows, control the implementation of programmes, and provide a variety of service functions to users to enable them to use computers flexibly, easily and efficiently, as well as to enable the entire computer system to operate efficiently。

in terms of the expression of the operating system, the operating system is a large software program, with a large number of software programs to perform the functions of the operating system, which are usually modular in terms of design and structure. some operating systems have kernels, which also consist of program modules. some of the operating systems are themselves hierarchical, and the procedures at each level are usually modular. in summary, the operating system is a large software program, a collection of a large number of program modules with various functions。

One of the tasks of the operating system is to organize and manage hardware and software resources in computer systems. Within the operating system, in order to control the hardware and software resources of the entire computer system, different types of tables and data structures have been designed, or all hardware and software resources have been graded, with all information on the name, type, quantity, purpose, state of well-being and current status of use of the resources. They are kept in the relevant data structure and are updated dynamically and continuously in real time. The purpose of recording data is to enable the operating system to effectively organize and manage resources in accordance with the needs of users for the various resources, their current allocation and use and the related resource-mobilization strategy。

Features of the operating system

# # Co-optivity #

Also of a distribution nature refers to the simultaneous existence of several running procedures in the operating computer system, which advance at the same time。

The confluence of computer programs is reflected in two specific aspects: the co-execution of user programs with user programs。

In a single processor environment, these concurrent processes are run on the alternate processor. In a multiprocessor system environment, multiple processes have concurrent characteristics, not only at the macro level, but also at the micro level (i.e. at the processor level). Also, in the distributed system, the coexistence of multiple computers has made it possible to give a fuller picture of the co-optation of the program, as it is possible to implement it on each computer, and they have created a picture of the program and the execution。

Share

Sharing refers to the resources of the operating system shared with multiple user programmes. This sharing is achieved under the control of the operating system. The shared nature of the resources is mainly directed at the following key resources:。

** Central processor. ** Central processors are an important resource to be used by all processes, and the operating system must use a suitable dispatch strategy to allocate processor resources to multiple co-processings。

** Inner memory. ** That is, “RAM”, any procedure must first be transferred to the memory before it can be implemented. Public use of managing memory is one of the key functions of the operating system。

** External storage. ** External storage is primarily used to preserve programs and data. These programs and data are generally stored as documents on external repositories, which are of various types (as shown in the table above). These external repositories are shared for all programs and data, and the operating system must equally manage the external memory sharing and ensure the integrity and correctness of all programs and data in the external memory。

** External equipment. ** External equipment is for all users, including operating systems, system users* (e.g. administrators)* and common users. The operating system must manage the external user requirements so that all external equipment can be shared with all users according to a certain strategy。

## Random

OPERATING SYSTEMS OPERATE IN A RANDOM ENVIRONMENT. THIS RANDOM ENVIRONMENT MEANS THAT THE OPERATING SYSTEM CANNOT MAKE ANY PRIOR ASSUMPTIONS ABOUT THE BEHAVIOUR OF ANY RUNNING PROGRAMME AND ABOUT THE HARDWARE AND EQUIPMENT SITUATION, AND THAT A REQUEST FOR AN INTERRUPTION MAY BE MADE TO THE CPU AT ANY TIME. THE USER SUBMITTED AND THE RUNNING PROGRAM DID NOT KNOW IN ADVANCE WHAT TO DO. IN GENERAL, IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO KNOW EXACTLY WHAT THE OPERATING SYSTEM IS IN, BUT RANDOMNESS DOES NOT MEAN THAT THE OPERATING SYSTEM DOES NOT ADEQUATELY CONTROL THE USE OF RESOURCES AND THE OPERATION OF PROCEDURES, AND IT EMPHASIZES THAT ANY POSSIBILITY IS TO BE FULLY CONSIDERED IN THE DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE OPERATING SYSTEM。
