Section 20.1 Game



Five-minute game

| Game | Gnome/GTK | KDE/Qt | Game Type |
| :--------: | :----------------: | :---------: | :------------: |
| Sudoku | games/gnome-sudaku | games/ksodoku | Logical/Wise Game |
| Count one | games/hitori |  | Logical/Wise Game |
| Mine clearance | games/gnome-mines | games/kmines | A puzzle game |
| 2048 | games/gnome-2048 |  | A puzzle game |
| Snake | games/gnome-nibbles |  | Leisure Game |
| Chess | games/gnome-chess | games/knights | A puzzle game |
| Five pieces of chess |  | games/bovo | A puzzle game |
| Pixmap | games/gnome-tetravex |  | A puzzle game |
| Yeah, yeah, yeah | games/gnome-mahjongg |  |  |
| Russian diamonds | games/quadrapassel | games/kblocks | Time-out game |
| Robot | games/gnome-robots |  |  |
| Black & White |  | games/kreversi | Flip |
| Eating beans |  | games/kapman |  |
| Hua Jundo | games/gnome-klotski |  |  |
| Gems | games/swell-foop | games/kdiamond | Erase Game |
| Fast-boat dice | games/tali | games/kiriki |  |
| Four-in-a-row | games/four-in-a-row | games/kfourinline |  |
| Bomber |  | cames/gramatier |  |
|  |  | games/klines | Colour Line Game |
| Card Solitaire | games/aisleriot |  |  |
|  | games/atomix | games/katomic | Puzzle game |

More logical/wise games are available at [Web Puzzle] (https://cn.puzzle-sodoku.com/) and [Local small game] (https://gotcode.org/)。

# Renpy Game

It's a visual novel engine that can easily be used to make interactive video games. Since the skeleton of the game is __CODESPAN_1_, it can easily be transplanted to different system platforms, such as Windows and Linux。

Although CODESPAN_0 __ does not fit __CODESPAN_1 __ for the time being, __CODESPAN_2 __ made a second package of it itself. So you can play interactive games on FreeBSD? Obviously not! But we can try a little。


# # install remple

use pkg:

```sh
# pkg install renpy
```

Or use Ports:

```sh
# cd /usr/ports/games/renpy/ 
# make install clean
```

##renpy set up a chinese interface

![. .gitbook/assets/renpy1.png]

![..gitbook/assets/renpy2.png]

# Play Heartbeat Literature

>** Warning**
>
It's a horror game and it's possible

Here, for example, other games can also operate. Select the decompression of the game with Linux versions (i.e. Windows version, version 2, co-exist)。

- run renpy

The default game path does not recognize the Chinese path in __CODESPAN_0, renpy, so the unpressured folder `DDLC-1.1.1-pc`_ must be placed under the root directory (i.e. __CODESPAN_2/__). Chinese language package location: [Doki Doki Literaute Club Chinese Patche v1.02 (update 2025)] (https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=116621672). Let's just unplug it out and put it in the corresponding directory。

ON THE LEFT SIDE OF THE ENGINE INTERFACE, CLICK ___CODESPAN_0_. ___ CODESPAN_1 __ CAN BE SEEN AT __ CODESPAN_2 __, AND WHEN YOU CLICK ON THIS GAME, YOU CAN LOAD THE _CODESPAN_3 __ AT THE BOTTOM RIGHT CORNER。

I've packed up the game for readers at <https://github.com/ykla/DDLC/releases>。

>** Warning**
>
"The Department of Heartbeat Literature!" (https://ddlc.moe/warning)

![..gitbook/assets/renpy3.png]

![..gitbook/assets/renpy4.png]

![..gitbook/assets/renpy5.png]

![..gitbook/assets/renpy6.png]

![..gitbook/assets/renpy7.png]

# rpa unpack

- Try to select a game with Linux versions

If the game only supports Windows, the Linux version can be packaged through the renpy engine。

- rpa file unpackage: [unrpa] (https://github.com/Lattyware/unrpa)

OR CODESPAN

```python
$ python3 unrpa -mp "解包目录" "XXX.rpa"
```

- rpyc file unpackage: [unrpyc] (https://github.com/CensoredUsername/unrpyc)

```python
$ python3 unrpyc -c "XXX.rpyc"
```

This step is not necessary, but only to facilitate translation into other languages。

References

- game distribution station: [bitch] (https://itch.io/)

# Godot game

Install Godot

```sh
# pkg install godot-tool godot
```

Or:

```sh
# cd /usr/ports/devel/godot-tools/ && make install clean
# cd /usr/ports/devel/godot/ && make install clean
```

When you set up a new project, enter the editor, you might find a very high card, CPU. It's because the Godot rendering is CPU in the process, and it's given to a single thread. You need to add a start-up parameter to ___CODESPAN_0:

```sh
$ godot-tool --rendering-driver opengl3
```

This opens the system monitor for KDE or Gnome and zooms the Godot window into the project Godot editor, and shows that there has been no significant change in CPU occupancy, which means that the rendering has been given to GPU。

In addition to this, it is important to note the creation of the project, if you have a problem with the cartons above, and if you use the mandatory OpenGL parameter, you should choose "compatible" instead of "forward+" or "move" when you create the project, because only "compatible" uses OpenGL3 backends, both of which are RenderingDevice, which can be seen in the introduction to the window。


![.. ..gitbook/assets/godot1.png]

[CPU OCUPATION] (./.gitbook/assets/godot2.png)

[See Godot Official Document] (..gitbook/assets/godot3.png)
