# Section 20.5 Scientific Research and Professional Tools

# Calibre Document Management (epub, mobi, azw3 etc.)

People who used Kindle should be familiar with Calibre. Caleb can convert between multiple document formats and customize CSS formats.

# # Install Calibre

- Install with pkg:

```sh '
# Pkg install calibre
````

- Install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/deskutils/calibre/
# Make install clean
````

# With Calibre

![.. ..gitbook/assets/calibre.png]

# Metagram

Simple calculators **bc** and **dc**, need not be installed, FreeBSD basic system. Its source code is at <https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-src/tree/main/contrib/bc>.

# bc (Basic Calculator) Simple calculator

```sh '
$bc # Into bc
1+15 # Add
16
sqrt(256)# Open
16
5/3 # Cube
125
90/3 # Division
30
10%4%
Two.
Quit # Exit Program
````

# # suffix expression


We've been using the mode of calculation expression from the very beginning of our exposure to mathematics, the medium expression. For example, to calculate the sum of 3 and 4, write `3 + 4 ' , the operator (in this case `+ `) is in the middle of the number of operations (i.e. 3 and 4).

, and in suffix expression, the operator is placed behind the number. `3 4 + ' if the suffix is changed. If there are more than one operator, the operator is placed behind the second number, so the `3 - 4 + 5 ' in the general suffix expression is written in the suffix expression " 3 - 4 - 5 + " .

At first glance, suffixing is anti-human, but it is more easily understood by computers and can be used to reduce computer memory access through stacking structures.

In one case, the middle expression `5 + (1 + 2) * 4) -3 ` was replaced by the suffix expression `5 1 2 + 4 * + 3 - `. The following table shows the process of asking for value from left to right, and the stack bar gives an intermediate value for tracking algorithms.

| Enter | Operation | Stack | Comment |
|: | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |
Five, five, five, five.
One, two, three, five, one, one, one, two, three, three, three, three, three, one, one, one, one, two, three, three, three, one, one, one, one, one, two, three, three, one, one, one, three, one, one, one, one, one, one, three, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, two, one, three, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, two, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, two, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, two, one, one, one, one, one, two, one, one, one, one, one, one, two, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, two, one, one, one, one, one, one, one,
Two, five, one, two.
+ |Account 5, 3 |1, 2 exits and 3 enters
Four, three, four.
\ Multiplier Operations 5, 12 |3, 4 exits and results 12 enters
+ |Account |17 |5,12 exits and results enter |17
♪ 3 ♪ Into the inn 17, 3 ♪
|- | minus |14 |17,3 exit and result 14 enter |

When the calculation is completed, there is only one operation in the stack, which is the result of the expression `14 ' .

## # dc (Desktop Calculator) desktop calculator

`dc ' is an open source calculator using suffix expression, and the `bc ' calculator procedure using suffix expression has traditionally been performed above `dc ' .

For the previous example, we tried to operate with `dc ' . Terminal Input

```sh '
$ dc-e '5 1 2 + 4 * + 3 - p'
````

You can get '14'. Problem solved.

# Geometry

GeoGebra

Install command:

```sh '
# Pkg install geogebra
````

Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/math/geogebra/
# Make install clean
````

![..gitbook/assets/geogebra.png]

# Linear planning

Install GLPK:

```sh '
# pkg install glpk
````

Or...

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/math/glpk/
# Make install clean
````

In linear planning, we often use the simple method. At the computer level, there's a lot of software that can free our brains, and you can even get a good answer in the plan solver of the OFFICE table software. Here, let's briefly describe how GLPK is used for the free command line linear planning package. I hope you can reach out to each other.

Let's start with an example from Hamdy A. Tara's book “Operations Research: An Information”, Case 2.4-1:

> There is a bank plan to lend, with a projected maximum of 12 million. The following table shows the relevant data.

Type of loan Interest rate Bad debt rate
|: --: |: |: |: |
| Personal 0.14 | 0.1 |
Automobile 0.13 0.07
| Household 0.12 | 0.03 |
Agriculture 0.125 0.05
Business 0.1 0.02

Bad debts mean no profits and no principals can be recovered. In order to compete with other business institutions, the sum of agricultural loans and commercial loans is not less than 40 per cent of all loans; in order to revitalize the real estate industry, individual loans account for not less than 50 per cent of the total, of which individual loans account for no less than 4 per cent; and the bank bad debt rate is allowed up to 4 per cent of all loans.
>
> To solve the way in which banks are allocated the maximum profits.

Let's step by step. Individual, motor, domestic, agricultural and commercial lending volumes are x1, x2, x3, x4 and x5.

Profit = 0.14 + 0.9 x 1 + 0.13 + 0.93 + 0.12 + 0.97 + 0.125 + 0.95 + 0.18 + 5

Loss of principal = 0.1 x 1 + 0.07 x 2 + 0.03 x 3 + 0.05 x 4 + 0.02 x 5

Target function max z = profit - loss of principal;

Next, the reader can identify the constraints on the subject.

By the target functions and constraints above, we can give the following mathematical models:

```sh '
max z = 0.026 x 1 + 0.0509 x 2 + 0.0864 x 3 + 0.06875 x 4 + 0.78 x 5

s.t. x1 + x2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5 < = 1200,
x4 + x5 < = 0.4 (x1 + x2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5),
x3 > = 0.5 (x1 + x2 + x3),
0.1 x 1 + 0.07 x 2 + 0.03 x 3 + 0.05 x 4 + 0.02 x 5 < = 0.04 (x 1 + x 2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5),
xi > = 0 (i = 1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
````

`touch example ' Creates a new text file (named `example ' ) to enter:

```sh '
var x1 > = 0;
var x2 > = 0;
var x3 > = 0;
var x4 > = 0;
var x 5 > = 0;

maximize z: 0.026*x1 + 0.0509*x2 + 0.0864*x3 + 0.06875*x4 + 0.78*x5;
S.t. C1: x1 + x2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5 < = 1200;
s.t. C2: x4 + x5 < = 0.4* (x1 + x 2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5);
s.t. C3: x3 > = 0.5* (x1 + x2 + x3);
s.t. C4: 0.1*x1 + 0.07*x2 + 0.03*x3 + 0.05*x4 + 0.02*x5 < = 0.04* (x1 + x 2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5);
I don't know.
````

After saving, terminal input

```sh '
It's like a glpsol.
````

Open **example.out** files:

```sh '
That's a lot of money.
This post is part of our special coverage Syria Protests 2011.
Rows: 5
Columns: 5
Noon-zeros: 23
Status: OPTIMAL
Subjective: z = 436.608 (MAXim)

Row name St Actity Lower home Upper home marginal
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - --
1 z B 436.608
2 C1 NU 1200 1200 0.36384
3 C2 NU 0-0 0.6936
4 C3 B 360-0
C4 B-16.8-0

Column name St Activity Lower found Upper found Marginal
--------------------------------------------------
1 x 1 NL 0 - 0.0604
2 x 2 NL 0 - 0.0355
3 x 3 B 720 0
4 x 4 NL 0 - 0.7125
5 x 5 B 480 0

. . . . . . . . . . .
````

The viewable answer value is `x3 = 720 ' , `x5 = 480 ' and the remaining values are `0 ' .

Problem solved.

# Physical and chemical

- Periodic table of elements

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# Pkg install gperiodic
````

Or...

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/biology/gperiodic/
# Make install clean
````

![.. ..gitbook/assets/gperiodic.png]

Astronomical geography

- Starrium:

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# Pkg install stellarium
````

Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/astro/stellarum/
# Make install clean
````

![.. . .gitbook/assets/stellarum1.png]


![..gitbook/assets/stellarim.png]

>** Skills**
>
> Default will enter fullscreen mode, press **F11** to exit fullscreen mode to exit the software.

- Gnome Map:

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# pkg install gnome-maps
````

Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/deskutils/gnome-maps/
# Make install clean
````

(.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

Looks like the map data isn't too old. But the street details are not visible.


Art

Music

- MIDI composer software `LMMS ':

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# Pkg install mems
````

Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/udio/mms/
# Make install clean
````

The software supports Chinese and needs to be restarted to use Chinese.

![.. ..gitbook/assets/mms.png]

- Spectrum software `MuseScore ':

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# pkg install usescore
````

Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/udio/musescore/
# Make install clean
````

![.. ..gitbook/assets/musescore.png]

# 3D image

- 3D Modelling `Blender ':

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# pkg install blueder
````

Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/graphics/blender/
# Make install clean
````

Can not delete folder: %s: No such folder If you can't see, set up a complex, then make a modulation.

![..gitbook/assets/blender.png]

# Paint #

- Krita:

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# pkg install krita
````

Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/graphics/krita/
# Make install clean
````

![.. ..gitbook/assets/krita.png]


# Tools and software

- Scientific computing software GNU Octave:

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# Pkg install octave
````

Or install with Ports:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/math/octave/
# Make install clean
````


# Holistic

- Computer algebra system wxMexima:

Install with pkg:

```sh '
# pkg install wxmaxima
````

or:

```sh '
#cd/usr/ports/math/wxmaxima/
# Make install clean
````

The last section we used GLPK to solve the problem of linear planning, and this section we used a more powerful wxmexima to solve the problem. The following code is for information purposes only and, if in-depth, can be found in the [official document] (https://maxima.sourceforge.io/documentation.html).

```sh '
("simplex")
maximize_lp (0.026* x 1 + 0.0509 * x 2 + 0.0864 * x 3 + 0.06875 * x 4 + 0.78 * x 5,
[x1 + x2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5 < = 1200,
x4 + x5 < = 0.4 * (x1 + x2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5),
x3 > = 0.5* (x1 + x2 + x3),
0.1 * x 1 + 0.07 * x 2 + 0.03 * x 3 + 0.05 * x 4 + 0.02 * x 5 < = 0.04 * (x 1 + x 2 + x 3 + x 4 + x 5) This post is part of our special coverage Syria Protests 2011.
Epsilon_lp = 0, nonnegative_lp = true;
````

![.. ..gitbook/assets/wxmaxima.png]


The instructions can be executed by red box, and the solution given by the software is: `[436.608, [x5 = 480.0, x 4 = 0, x3 = 720.0, x 2 = 0, x 1 = 0] ' , which is known to be the same as that sought by GLPK. Problem solved.
。