# Section 27.2 NetBSD installation diagram

# Download

Downloaded address: <https://cdn.netbsd.org/pub/NetBSD/NetBSD-10.1/images/NetBSD-10.1-amd64.iso> (virtual machine), <https://cdn.netbsd.org/pub/NetBSD-10.1/images/NetBSD-10.1-amd64-install.imgz> (physical machine)

# Install diagrams

The following example is the UEFI+GPT+SATA installation by VMware WorkStation Pro 17 using __CODESPAN_0_。

>** Warning**
>
>If ___CODESPAN_0_ is installed through VMware WorkStation Pro 17 virtual machine, NVME is not supported > > >cancelled, unable to unload DVD, unable to restart etc. Not too many CPUs, tested 4 CPUs without problems。

Get back to the system。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb1.png)

Go home and choose English for installation。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb2.png)

Keeps the keyboard default. Back to the car。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb3.png)

Select to install on the hard drive. Back to the car。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb4.png)

START THE PARTITION, CHOOSE __CODESPAN_0_BACK TO THE CAR。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb5.png)

Select the hard drive to install NetBSD。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb6.png)


USE GPT PARTITION。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb7.png)

Sets the size of the partition. Back to the car。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb8.png)

Confirm partition size settings, get back to the car。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb9.png)

Confirm partition size settings, get back to the car。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb10.png)

CONFIRM TO WRITE TO THE HARD DRIVE, CHOOSE OK TO RETURN TO THE CAR。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb11.png)

Select the default full installation, go back。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb12.png)

SELECT THE INSTALLATION SOURCE, WE PICK DVD, GET BACK TO THE CAR。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb13.png)

Start installation...wait。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb14.png)

Go back to the car to continue。


[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb16.png)

SETS THE __CODESPAN_0_ USER PASSWORD。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb17.png)

We'll have to configure it one by one

>** Warning**
>
> The following interface is the default setup. We need to change it. And don't do it

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb17-2.png)

CONFIGURE __CODESPAN_0_, THE NETWORK FIRST. COULD NOT CLOSE TEMPORARY FOLDER: %S

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb18.png)

Use automatic configuration。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb20.png)

Confirms the automatic configuration。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb21.png)

ENTER HOSTNAME AND DNS DOMAIN NAME:

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb22.png)

Does it look normal? Yes

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb23.png)

Confirm configuration, write to the system。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb24.png)

CONFIGURE __CODESPAN_0_TIME ZONE. SELECT __CODESPAN_1_(ASIA)

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb25.png)

SELECT __CODESPAN_0_(SHANGHAI)

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb26.png)

Upon confirmation, get back to Exit。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb27.png)

CONFIGURE __CODESPAN_0, INSTALL __CODESPAN_1_PACKET MANAGER. PRESS THE BACK BUTTON。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb29.png)

Start installation..

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb30.png)

The installation is complete, and you press back to exit the interface。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb31.png)

CONFIGURE __CODESPAN_0, INSTALL __CODESPAN_1_PACKET MANAGER. PRESS THE RETURN KEY TO INSTALL。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb32.png)

Waiting for installation..

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb33.png)

CONFIGURE __CODESPAN_0_ TO ADD NORMAL USERS. ENTER THE USERNAME AND RETURN TO THE CAR, AND THEN ENTER TO JOIN THE __CODESPAN_1_GROUP。

[install NetBSD] (. .gitbook/assets/nb34.png)

select the user shell。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb35.png)

Sets the user password。

[install NetBSD] (. .gitbook/assets/nb36.png)

Configure:

-_CODESPAN_0_:sshd remote service
-__CODESPAN_0_: OPEN TIME SYNC
___ CODESPAN_0_: START-UP CALIBRATION TIME
-_CODESPAN_0:mDNS
-__CODESPAN_0_:xdm GUI
- __CODESPAN_0_: DISK ENCRYPTION MODULE。
-_CODESPAN_0_:LVM (logical volume management) Logical Volume Manager
- __CODESPAN_0_: SOFT RAID。

Please open as required。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb37.png)

End of installation。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb38.png)

End of installation。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb38-1.png)

ENTER __CODESPAN_0_ TO RESTART。

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb38-2.png)

It's on

[install NetBSD] (..gitbook/assets/nb39.png)

Enter the username and password login system:

[install NetBSD](./.gitbook/assets/nb40.png)

initial xdm system interface:

[install NetBSD](. . . .gitbook/assets/nb41.png)

# Fault removal and unfinished business

- WHAT'S THE REASON FOR THIS? LOOKS LIKE IDE HARD DRIVES OR FEWER CPUS HAVE NO SIMILAR PROBLEMS. IT SEEMS THAT THE NUMBER OF CPUS THAT CANNOT BE SPECIFIED EQUALS 16。
