# Section 18.1 Raspberry pie profile and fitting selection

# What's a berries pie

Our usual Android Android phone, the latest version of Apple MacBook, the TV top box processor are based on the ARM chip。

Berry pie is a board based on an ARM chip, i.e., an interface rich (HDMI, I2C, USB 2.0/3.0, I2S, CSI, GPIO, serial, RTC, PWM fans, DSI, PCIe (required for transfer), POE modules, etc.), which is equivalent to a 1,000-dollar red-metre mobile phone (high-through) for the same period。

A cell phone can do anything, a berries pie can do; a cell phone can do anything, a berries pie can do. It is generally used for embedded development, such as robotics, routers and monitoring。

Berry pies also serve as a tool for infiltration in the American film " The Hacker Corps " (*Mr. Robot*). Of course, the above is not the original purpose of the berry pie, which is a computer-based educational product of the BBF。

---|---

It is alleged that the original objective of the berry pie was to save the Department of Computer Science and Technology at Cambridge University, which is facing a defunct system. According to the analysis, the main reason for this is that there are no cheap and open computers available to children。

{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} "To protect our beloved faculty {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00} {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FF00}

Despite the failure of LoveLife


# THERE IS A NEED TO TEST THE 4K READING AND WRITING SPEED OF THE U DISK/STOR CARD

The test methods are described in other chapters。

The system can be activated from the U-disk without any changes: FreeBSD 12/13/14 was tested to support it, but at a very slow pace: on the one hand, the berry pie was severely constrained by the bus speed and the interface itself was not the highest — the berry was sent to berry pie 5 to support SDR 104 (UHS-I). Before that, the old berries gave the highest support to SDR50 (UHS-I). On the other hand, the quality of certain U disks is a matter of concern。

THE SD CARD INTERFACE OF THE BERRY PIE LIMITS THE SPEED OF THE MEMORY CARD AND IS NOT TOO HIGH, SO THERE'S NO EXPERIENCE WITH THE 100MB+ STORAGE CARD -- AND THEIR SPEED IS MEANINGLESS AND THEY HAVE TO USE SO-CALLED ULTRA-FREQUENCY READERS. IN ADDITION, THERE IS NO EQUIPMENT TO SUPPORT THE SPEED THEY CLAIM。

4K random reading and writing rate is the most important thing for a strawberry pie. The test must meet at least [A2 LEGEL (READ 4000 IOPS, WRITE 2000 IOPS)] (https://www.kingston.com/cn/blog/person-storage/microsd-sd-memory-card-naming-conventions)。

# THE 4K SCHEMATIC SPEED OF THE PARTIAL U DRIVE MAY NOT BE AS GOOD AS THE NORMAL A2 MEMORY CARD

The most ridiculous is DataTraveler 100 G3 USB 3.0 Flash Drive (DT100G3), and 4K randomly is __CODESPAN_0. It's very slow to use。

[DataTraveler 100 G3 USB 3.0 Flash Drive (i.e. DT100G3) Schematic development test] (. .gitbook/assets/1011.png)

[DataTraveler 100 G3 USB 3.0 Flash Drive (i.e. DT100G3) Schematic development test] (. .gitbook/assets/112.png)

THERE'S NO PROBLEM WITH TEST DATA, HE'S 4K WRITTEN AS ZERO. IT ALSO MEETS THIS EXPECTED LEVEL。

# References

- [Raspberry Pi Perry Pi China Document]
- [Test SD card effectification on Raspberry Pi 5] (https://pie.com.tw/52880/sd-card-performance-in-raspberry-pi-5)
- [Default Setting for the UHSMODE?]
- [Data Traveler 100 G3 USB 3.0 Flash Drive - Technical Support] (https://www.kingston.com/cn/support/technology/products/dt100g3)
- IOPS-MB Online Converter: [IOPS, MB/s, GB/day Contractor] (https://untelgy.com/iops-mbs-gbday-calc.pl)

