# Section 17.4 MySQL 5.X


>** Warning**
>
> ** MySQL 5.X is no longer maintained and uses the software at risk. **

# Mysql 5.5.5.6

# Install

Not available at https://www.freshports.org/databases/mysql56-server> and <https://www.freshports.org/datases/mysql55-server>.

You can drag old ports compile installation:

- Mysql 5.6:


```sh '
#get clean https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-ports/usr/ports
# cd /usr/ports & & git checkout 5u623l20
#cd /usr/ports/databases/mysql56-server/ & make install clean
````

- Mysql 5.5.

```sh '
#get clean https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-ports/usr/ports
#cd /usr/ports & #get checkout 9f0ff92
#cd/usr/ports/databases/mysql55-server/ & make install clean
````

# Start service #

```sh '
# Sysrc mysql_enable
# With mysql-server start
````

Configure

```sh '
# Mysql_security_establishment
````

Output:

``sql
Root@ykla: ~ Mysql_security_installation


NOTE: Running All PARTS OF THIS CRIPT IS RECOMMEND FOR All MySQL
SERVERS IN PRODUCTION USE!

In order to log into MySQL to secure it, we'll need the certificate
If you've just incorporated MySQL,
You haven't set the root password yet, the password will be blank,
So you should just press enter here.


Enter current password for root (inter for none):
OK, normally used password, moving on...

Setting the root password estimates that nobody can log into the MySQL
No, root us without the programme.

Set root password?
New password:
Re-enter new password:
Password upgraded fully!
Reloating space waters.
Access!


By default, a MySQL establishment has an anonymous user, allowing anyone
To log into MySQL without having to have a user account created for
This is intended only for testing, and to make the establishment
You should move them before moving into a
I don't know what you're talking about.

Remove anonymous uss?
Access!

Nomally, root should only be allowed to connect from 'localhost'.
I'm sure that someone cannot guess at the root password from the network.

Disallow root login correctly?
...skiping.

By default, MySQL comes with a database named 'test' that anyone can
This is also intended only for testing, and should be moved
Before moving into a protection environment.

Remove test database and access to it?
...skiping.

Reliding the private tables will assure that all changes made so far
Will take effect sexually.

Reload primetales now?
Access!




If you've brought all of the above steps, your MySQL
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.

Thanks for using MySQL!


Clearing up...
````

# With #

Login

```sh '
Mysql-u root-p
````

Example Output

``sql
# Mysql-u root-p
Enter password:
Come to the MySQL monitor.
Your MySQL connection id is 12
Server version: 5.6.51

Copyright (c) 2000, 2021, Oracle and/or its assets.

Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its
Other names may be trademarks of their relevance.
I'm sorry, owners.

Type 'help;' or 'h' for help.

Mysql shows data;
+ - - - - - +
Database
+ - - - - - +
Information_schema
Mysql
%1 %1
You've got to be kidding me.
+ - - - - - +
4rows in set (0.00 sec)

Oh, mysql
````

# Mysql 5.7

Note: If upgraded from the old version, start with `mysql_upgrade '

# Install

Here's one.

```sh '
# pkg install mysql57-server
# Or
#cd /usr/ports/databases/mysql57-server/ & make install clean
````

# Start service #

```sh '
# Sysrc mysql_enable
# With mysql-server start
````

Example output (you can see password in folder `/ root/.mysql_secret ' ) `q(<p2Z>lX/:`

```shell '
# Sysrc mysql_enable=YES
Mysql_enable:
# service mysql-server start
Starting mysql.
#cat/root/.mysql_secret
# Password set for user 'root' at 2021-12-13:21:02
q (<p2Z>lX/:
Root@ykla:
````

# Try to login #

Error reporting for login. A reminder requires a password change.

``sql
# Mysql-u root-p
Enter password:
Come to the MySQL monitor.
Your MySQL condition id is 2
Server version: 5.7.36-log

Copyright (c) 2000, 2021, Oracle and/or its assets.

Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its
Other names may be trademarks of their relevance.
I'm sorry, owners.

Type 'help;' or 'h' for help.

> show data;
ERRO 1820 (HY000): You must rest your password using ALTER USER State before exporting this state.
root@localhost [(none)]>
````

# Change password #

Modify the current password to `your_new_password ' and then refresh permissions.

``sql
Root@localhost [(none)]
Query OK, 0rows affected, 1 warning (0.00 sec)
Root@localhost [(none)] >flush privileges;
Query OK, 0rows affected (0.00 sec)
````

Normal login

``sql
# Mysql-u root-p
Enter password:
Come to the MySQL monitor.
Your MySQL condition id is 3
Server version: 5.7.36-log source

Copyright (c) 2000, 2021, Oracle and/or its assets.

Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its
Other names may be trademarks of their relevance.
I'm sorry, owners.

Type 'help;' or 'h' for help.

> show data;
+ - - - - - +
Database
+ - - - - - +
Information_schema
Mysql
%1 %1
You can't do that.
+ - - - - - +
4rows in set (0.00 sec)

root@localhost [(none)]>
````

